---
title: "How To Groom Children - Future & Career of Children Depends On The Choice Of Their Friends BestVideo"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Q4SWK8wycxM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Q4SWK8wycxM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Motivational speaker","best English teachers","best English trainers"]
date: "2022-01-24T20:36:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-22T13:11:46Z"
duration: "PT4M55S"
viewcount: "56808"
likeCount: "5967"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Munawar Zama"
---
{% raw %}How To Groom Children - Future &amp; Career of Children Depends On The Choice Of Their Friends Best Video<br /><br />EXPERT IN IMPARTING THE FOLLOWING SKILLS<br /><br />- Personality Development<br />- Communication Skills<br />- Public Speaking Skills<br />- Leadership Skills<br />- Life Skills<br />- Pronunciation<br />- Functional Grammar<br />- Vocabulary Enhancement<br />- Confidence Building Activities<br />- Spontaneity Development Activities<br /><br />KNOW ABOUT MUNAWAR ZAMA <br />Munawar Zama is one of the Renowned International Personality Development Trainers and founder &amp; CEO of English House Academy. He has trained over one lakh students, teachers, lecturers, professors, doctors, engineers, nurses, advocates, businessmen, ulama &amp; other aspirants. His incessant research in the field of Communication, Pronunciation &amp; Personality Development has made it very simple for the aspirants to learn the art of communication &amp; public speaking. His unique teaching techniques have helped many non-native English speakers overcome their Anglophobia &amp; speak English with fluency &amp; confidence.<br /><br />Munawar Zama has trained IPS officers of Delhi Police. He's also done a 60-Episode Television Project [Groom Your Personality] on Zee Salaam which was telecast in about 100+ countries. He's also imparted the skills of communication to the family members of Imam-e-Haram, KSA.  <br /><br />AWARDS AND HONOURS<br />Having seen trainer Munawar Zama's passion for teaching &amp; his services towards nation building &amp; national integration through his Personality Development Workshops across India &amp; gulf, many organizations &amp; reputed NGOs have honoured him with awards. The following are a few awards conferred upon him in the last ten years.<br /><br />2019 – National Award For Excellence in Education<br />2019 – Revolutionary Trainer of India <br />2019 – Influential Trainer of the Decade <br />2016 – Ideal Teacher Award <br />2013 – Indian Icon Award<br />2012 – World Human Rights Protection Award<br />2011 – Rajiv Gandhi Global Excellence Award<br />2010 – Young Achiever Award<br /><br />APPRECIATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS<br />The outcome of Trainer Munawar Zama's workshops has been appreciated &amp; acknowledged by many schools, colleges, universities, institutions, organisations, NGOs, embassies &amp; consulates.<br /><br />- US Embassy - New Delhi<br />- British High Commission - New Delhi<br />- Embassy of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia-Delhi<br />- Aligarh Muslim University - Aligarh<br />- Jamia Millia Islamia - New Delhi<br />- Maulana Azad National Urdu University - Hyd.<br />- Maulana Azad University Jodhpur - Rajasthan<br />- India Islamic Cultural Centre - New Delhi<br />- Delhi Minorities Commission - Delhi<br />- Ajmal Foundation - Assam<br />- Bombay Patel Welfare Society - Bharuch - Gujarat<br />- Indian Embassy School - Riyadh - KSA<br />- Delhi Public School - Riyadh - KSA<br />- Gomatesh Vidyapeeth - Belgaum - Karnataka<br /><br />VVIPs FEEDBACK<br /><br />“You are a magician. The magic you put on the students is amazing.”<br />ARVIND KEJRIWAL<br /><br />“India would soon be one of the successful nations if such training is imparted to youth.”<br />NITISH KUMAR<br /><br />“Munawar Zama has done wonders, especially to those students who might not have seen schools in their lives.”<br />FAROOKH ABDULLAH<br /><br />“Mr Zama has made IICC a symbol of integrity through the PD Workshops”<br />DIGVIJYA SINGH<br /><br />“I can see a sort of magical power in Munawar Zama.”<br />MAULANA BADRUDDIN AJMAL  <br /><br />“Seeing the enthusiasm in the students of Munawar Zama I believe they'll become saviors and asset to our nation.”<br />MAULANA SAJJAD NOMANI<br /><br />“Mr Zama is an angel in the form of human being.”<br />SIRAJUDDIN QURESHI<br /><br />“I was under the impression that Mr Zama might've had his education either at Harvard or Oxford University.”<br />SY QURESHI<br />Ex Chief Election Commissioner of India<br /><br />“I've learnt the difference between the pronunciation of EAR &amp; YEAR by coming here.”<br />AM AHMEDI<br />Ex Chief Justice of Supreme Court<br /><br />“Mr Zama Sb has produced diamonds out of the stones.”<br />K RAHMAN KHAN<br />Ex Deputy Speaker &amp; Minister of Minority Affairs<br /><br />“I really like the way Mr Zama is teaching.”<br />SUDHEENDRA KULKARNI<br />Ex OSD to Ex PM Mr. Atal Bihari Vajpaye<br /><br />“Education being imparted by Mr Zama is a testament to the greatness of     India.”<br />JOSEPH KRUZICH<br />Ex Spokesperson - US Embassy – New Delhi<br /><br />“I have learnt the difference between WHAT and WHICH by Mr Munawar   Zama.”<br />MARCUS WINSLEY<br />Director for Press &amp; Communication<br />British High Commission – New Delhi<br /><br />Chief ministers, education ministers, bureaucrats, ambassadors, diplomats, scholars, philanthropists, social activists, educationists and many eminent personalities have acknowledged Munawar Zama for the services he is rendering to empower the youth of India.  <br /><br />Regards<br />Munawar Zama<br />English House Academy<br /><br />EMAIL       :  zamatrainer@gmail.com<br />WEBSITE  :  www.englishhouseacademy.in<br />MOB_No.  :  +91 8297-006-007<br />                   :  +91 7893-987-007{% endraw %}
