---
title: "Unlike Pluto - Crash and Burn"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zMzi9OgdFBY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zMzi9OgdFBY"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["unlike pluto","pluto tapes","unlike pluto pluto tapes"]
date: "2022-04-22T21:56:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-22T15:06:04Z"
duration: "PT2M57S"
viewcount: "3317"
likeCount: "990"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Unlike Pluto"
---
{% raw %}HALLLO!!! It is I, PLOOOOTOOO! Welcome to the 10th song of the season, 42 more to go. This song is essentially about crash and burning, LOL. Lemme explain, jeez be patient. Sometimes in life you'll have relationships &amp; situations that seem like amazing things at first, but turn out to be something you learn from, at least I hope you learn from it. The problem with this, a lot of these relationships/situations will crash and burn, with you in the passenger seat. And yes, it sucks, it's the worst thing that happens in life, especially if it's a friend. BUT, it's a necessary part of life. Not EVERYONE you meet is destined to be in your life forever, you'll learn form them as they learn from you. &quot;Let It all play out&quot; - this phrase to me is interesting, and simple in nature. Just let it all play out, think that in your head, as you venture across all the tribulations/turbulences of life. It's normal, it's painful, it's heart wrenching, but it's part of what makes us human. And as humans, we evolved from surviving, to living. So crash and burn (metaphorically), embrace it, learn from it, laugh it off, and smile whilst walking right along your path :) HOPE YOU ENJOYYYYY - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://fanlink.to/crashandburn">https://fanlink.to/crashandburn</a><br /><br />Buy Merch here :) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://unlikepluto.merchtable.com/">https://unlikepluto.merchtable.com/</a><br />🖤Join my Discord community! - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discord.gg/up">https://discord.gg/up</a><br />🎧<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://fanlink.to/unlikepluto">https://fanlink.to/unlikepluto</a><br /><br />LYRICS:<br />I'll Crash and burn<br />I'll Crash and burn<br /><br />You left me to burn<br />The ashes fall like the rain that comes down<br />Lesson learned<br />When I fall I fall so hard till I'm laid out<br />Looking around<br />You gotta a smile just like a pyromaniac<br />What I've learned<br />Sometimes you gotta let it all play out<br /><br />Let it all play out<br />Let it, let it, let it, oh<br />Let it all play out<br />Let it, let it or I'll<br /><br />I'll crash and burn<br />I'll crash and burn<br />Crash and burn, don't expect a phoenix to return<br />I'll crash and Burn<br /><br />We had a good start<br />It didn't take long for life to get crisscrossed<br />One bad thought<br />It circles like a tornado that blew off<br />Left you distraught<br />A memory that you can't really shake off<br />You never forgot<br />So you retaliate and never let it play out<br /><br />Never let it play out<br />Let it, let it, let it, oh<br />Never let it play out<br />Let it, let it or I'll<br /><br />I'll crash and burn<br />I'll crash and burn<br />Crash and burn, don't expect a phoenix to return<br />I'll crash and Burn<br /><br />Long crash<br />Short burn<br />Some things just can't return<br />Hard pass<br />No return<br />I think i'll never learn<br /><br />Let it all play out<br />Let it all play out<br /><br />I'll crash and burn<br />I'll crash and burn<br />Crash and burn, don't expect a phoenix to return<br />I'll crash and Burn{% endraw %}
