---
title: "Terry Thomas  You Must be Joking 1965 Classic British Comedy Film"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IdhBJXlq15g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IdhBJXlq15g"
categories: "Comedy"
tags: ["terry-thomas","terry thomas films","TERRY THOMAS YOU MUST BE JOKING 1965"]
date: "2022-02-24T11:09:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-20T13:12:24Z"
duration: "PT1H35M28S"
viewcount: "17448"
likeCount: "324"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Retirement Report"
---
{% raw %}Plot Major Foskett (Terry Thomas), a British Army psychologist, assembles four soldiers for a testing task<br /><br />The four are - Sergeant Major McGregor (complete with kilt and bearskin), Captain Tabasco, Sergeant Clegg (a father of nine), Staff Sergeant Mansfield - and United States Air Force Lieutenant Morton have their initiative tested in a scavenger hunt.<br /><br />Their first task is to escape a maze. Tabasco orders up a helicopter to take him out and two others take a ride but Clegg is left in the maze.<br /><br />They are instructed to obtain six symbols of the British way of life. The reward for the winner is to be fast-tracked for promotion and a ten-day, all-expenses-paid trip around the world for two. Among the feats to be accomplished within 48 hours are escaping from a maze, retrieving a rare rose and the mascot from a Rolls-Royce motorcar, and procurement of a lock of hair and an autograph from a popular French singer. The final challenge involves the famous Lutine bell from the Underwriting Room of Lloyd's of London.[2][3] MacGregor arrives at the finish line by parachute, Tabasco comes in an ambulance, Clegg digs his way in from below. Morton arrives last (by car) but is declared the winner and resigns.<br /><br />General Lockwood is arrested for misuse of the requisition system. Foskett is arrested for conspiracy to steal the Lutine Bell.<br /><br />The Cast<br />Michael Callan - Lieutenant Timothy Morton<br />Lionel Jeffries - Sergeant Major Sidney McGregor<br />Denholm Elliott - Captain Fitzroy Tabasco<br />Wilfrid Hyde-White - General Lockwood<br />Bernard Cribbins - Sergeant Clegg<br />Terry-Thomas - Major Foskett<br />James Robertson Justice - Librarian<br />Gabriella Licudi - Annabelle Nash<br />Leslie Phillips - Young husband, Mr Walters<br />Gwendolyn Watts - Young wife, Mrs (Ducks) Walters<br />Patricia Viterbo - Sylvie Tarnet a pop singer<br />Lee Montague - Staff Sergeant Mansfield<br />Irene Handl - Elderly Woman<br />Richard Wattis - Parkins<br />Miles Malleson - Salesman<br />Clive Dunn - Doorman at Tv Studio<br />Tracy Reed - Poppy Pennington<br />James Villiers - Bill Simpson<br />Graham Stark - McGregor's Suez comrade<br />Ronald Howard - Cecil<br />Arthur Lowe - Husband<br />Joan Benham - Wife<br />Lance Percival - Shifty Man<br />Peter Bull - Ferocious Man in Library<br />Peter Barkworth - Recording Studio Manager<br />Norman Vaughan - Norman Stone<br />Jon Pertwee - Greyhound Stadium storeman<br />Peter Gilmore - Private (gardening duty in greenhouse)<br />Ed Bishop - US Air Force Soldier at Checkpoint - (uncredited)<br />Richard Caldicot - M.O.D. official - (uncredited)<br />Damaris Hayman - Fan Club Employee - (uncredited)<br />John Horsley - Lloyd's Director - (uncredited)<br />Victor Brooks - commissionaire - (uncredited)<br />Peter Barkworth - Television Studio Director - (uncredited)<br />Dave Watts keyboards - Ricky Ticky Taylor Pop Star{% endraw %}
