---
title: "US BASE UNDER ATTACK! 12 Iranian Fateh-110 missiles hit the US base in Erbil"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fYhZ4eIHWw8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fYhZ4eIHWw8"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["russia","russia ukraine","ukraine"]
date: "2022-03-14T14:12:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-13T18:00:12Z"
duration: "PT1M49S"
viewcount: "3091"
likeCount: "44"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "National Interest TV"
---
{% raw %}#NationalInterest<br />#News<br />US BASE UNDER ATTACK! 12 Iranian Fateh-110 missiles hit the US base in Erbil<br /><br />Tonight, the new US consulate in Erbil, where the US military base is also located, was hit by a massive missile attack. During the strike, 12 Fateh-110 ballistic missiles were involved. At the same time, according to the Arabic edition of Al Arabiya, the missiles were launched not by the militias, but directly from the territory of Iran.<br /><br />&quot;Missiles fired from Iran targeted a new US consulate under construction in Erbil in northern Iraq early Sunday morning,&quot; the Wall Street Journal reported, citing US officials. Twelve ballistic missiles were fired from outside of Iraq at the city of Erbil, the state news agency reported, citing the General Directorate for Combating Terrorism in Kurdistan. The consulate was not affected, while there were no casualties or injuries among the US military.”- сообщает Arabic edition.<br />According to a number of reports, the United States was warned in time about the attack on Erbil, in connection with which the American military and consular representatives were evacuated. Nevertheless, this is the most massive strike on US facilities in Iraq in recent years.<br />US officials said the attack may have been retaliation for an Israeli airstrike in Syria on Monday that killed two members of Iran's Islamic Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC). Following the Israeli strike, an Iranian Foreign Ministry official reportedly said that Iran would take steps to hold Israel accountable.&quot;, - said in the message &quot;Al Arabiya&quot;.<br /><br />Tehran itself does not comment on the accusations of the attack on Erbil.<br /><br /><br />IMPORTANT!<br />None of these images, music &amp; video clips were created/owned by us.<br />This video is purely fan-made, if you (owners) have seen your content and want to remove this video, please message us privately or mail us : (newtropicalhouse@gmail.com) before doing anything. We will respectfully remove it immediately. Please don't use YouTube strikes! So much love!<br /><br /> -  COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER UNDER SECTION 107 OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT 1976<br /> -  Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br /><br />#Russia #Ukraine #NATO #VladimirPutin #Putin #JoeBiden #Biden #USA #News #BreakingNews #LatestNews #Iran #Israel #Missile #Nuclear #Attack #Military #RussianNews #IranIsrael #IranUS #USRussia #UkraineRussia #RussiaUkraineConflict #Jets #FighterJets #Navy #USNavy #RussianNavy #RussiaWarship{% endraw %}
