---
title: "PUTIN goes crazy! The Russian army was deceived when crossing the river, hundreds of tanks were sunk"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tIrA0k8L3Y8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tIrA0k8L3Y8"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["enerhodar","kiev fight","70 fighter jets to ukraine"]
date: "2022-05-19T08:20:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-18T15:50:06Z"
duration: "PT2M59S"
viewcount: "51253"
likeCount: "1295"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Trending news"
---
{% raw %}Thank you for watching our video. Please like and subscribe to help us reach 100k Sub.<br />Mail: hungbktna41@gmail.com Please comment here to help us publish better videos to serve you.<br /><br />PUTIN eats bitter fruit! Russian troops were tricked into crossing the river, all tanks were sunk | Update on Russia and Ukraine war May 18.<br /><br />A convoy of Russian tanks was photographed submerged in muddy water after a &quot;failed river crossing&quot; in eastern Ukraine.<br /><br />An image posted online by Business Ukraine magazine shows the turrets of vehicles protruding from the murky abyss. It comes as Russian offensive behavior shifts to the eastern part of the country, but is believed to have stalled further.<br /><br />After failing to make any significant gains in the opening stages of the invasion, Russian troops withdrew from the suburbs of Kyiv and shifted efforts to the eastern front.<br /><br />Russian ground forces have refocused their efforts on the Donetsk and Luhansk regions.<br /><br />However, military analysts believe that the Russian military has now largely abandoned the pincer movement it has attempted to encircle Ukrainian forces in the area.<br /><br />A review by the Institute for the Study of War found that the Russian military now appears to be in favor of completing the capture of Luhansk.<br /><br />The image of Russian tanks sitting like a hippo in the water is the cause of the ridicule of the Russian armed forces.<br /><br />This was a humiliating &quot;trick&quot; that Ukraine gave to PUTIN's army, when all tanks were collected and destroyed in one wave when crossing the river, which only cost the Ukrainian army 1 bomb. without consuming a lot of manpower. This failure of PUTIN received the most derision ever.<br /><br />One Twitter user, Lee__Drake, replied: “[voice of Dave Attenborough]” the Russian tanks bathing are hippos with the heads of pigs.<br /><br />Meanwhile, Bob Lichenstein joked: &quot;Russian spokesman touts new amphibious tank corps...&quot;<br /><br />And another speculated that their commander had &quot;watched too much National Geographic and became complacent&quot;.<br /><br />This heavy defeat of the Russian army caused PUTIN to receive humiliating criticism, he was seen as a brainless head in the attack on the river crossing. According to experts, there must be hundreds of &quot;Tanks&quot; sunk and submerged in water.<br /><br />As the invasion of Ukraine neared the end of its third month, reports emerged of dismayed Russian soldiers becoming more and more desperate for the war.<br /><br />Reports of disorganization and misinformation within the Russian military have emerged that help explain why such a massive army has not achieved any great success.<br /><br />The Russian army - many of them young conscripts - surrendered, or resorted to locals for food, after being defeated.<br /><br />Those who have not yet resorted to horrendous acts against Ukrainian civilians, with allegations of mass rape and murder fueled the war crimes charges.<br /><br />According to recent data, the Ukrainian armed forces are currently organizing a counterattack around Kharkiv, a northeastern city that has been devastated by fighting.<br /><br />Oleksiy Arestovich, an adviser to the President of Ukraine, said that Russian troops are being redeployed towards the Donbas region, south of Kharkiv, after the attack.{% endraw %}
