---
title: "100 Obscure\/Forgotten\/Hidden Gem PC Games of the 90s ... in  10 minutes!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Htu5O6_Ar80\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Htu5O6_Ar80"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["pc games","90s pc games","retro pc games"]
date: "2022-06-04T00:51:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-10-10T11:30:02Z"
duration: "PT10M1S"
viewcount: "53012"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Gary"
---
{% raw %}This was a special request by a Patreon subscriber; thank you for your continued support!<br /><br />*NOTE: EVERY GAME ON THIS LIST IS PURCHASABLE/PLAYABLE FROM STEAM/GOG.COM*<br /><br />In this video, we go through a 100 PC Games that don't get the publicity of the more famous titles like the Warcrafts or the Dooms.  Instead, we focus more on lesser known, but no less interesting PC games.    Many of these were popular at the time, but have fallen out of current gaming awareness; some of them deserved to do better, but were doomed by changing tastes of gamers; some were quirky European games that just didn't get the marketing push they needed and deserved; and some of them were just a few good ideas wrapped with a few flaws.  <br /><br />Note: I am aware that &quot;Rayman&quot;  isn't exactly &quot;obscure&quot; or &quot;forgotten&quot;.  However, the version of Rayman listed here (&quot;Raman Forever&quot;) actually has additional levels - and a level constructor! - not found elsewhere<br /><br />As you watch this video, keep an eye open for debut titles from now famous software houses like Remedy, Bioware and Quantic Dream. <br /><br />For early access and access to extended cuts of this video, regular steam key giveaways, or if you'd just like to support this channel, please consider become a patron!  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/garyretrogamer">https://www.patreon.com/garyretrogamer</a><br /><br />Enjoy! <br /><br /><br />1. 11th Hour<br />2. Afterlife<br />3. Albion<br />4. Alien Breed<br />5. Alien Rampage<br />6. Anvil of Dawn<br />7. Archimedian Dynasty<br />8. Army Men<br />9. Bad Mojo<br />10. Battle Isle<br />11. Blade Runner<br />12. Blood II: The Chosen<br />13. Caesar 3<br />14. Cannon Fodder<br />15. Carmageddon<br />16. Chaos Control<br />17. Constructor<br />18. Dame was Loaded, The<br />19. Dark Reign: The Future of War<br />20. Dark Sun: Shattered Lands<br />21. Darkstone<br />22. Darklands<br />23. Death Rally<br />24. Delta Force<br />25. Deus<br />26. Die by the Sword<br />27. Dig, The<br />28. Earth 2140<br />29. Eradicator<br />30. Expendable<br />31. Gangsters: Organized Crime<br />32. Gorky 17 (Odium)<br />33. Harvester<br />34. Hexen 2<br />35. Hidden and Dangerous<br />36. Incoming<br />37. Incubation<br />38. Independence War<br />39. Ishar 3 The Seven Gates of Infinity<br />40. Journeyman Project 3: Legacy of Time<br />41. Kingpin<br />42. Krush Kill 'N' Destroy<br />43. Last Express, The<br />44. Legend of Kyrandia: Fables and Fiends<br />45. Litil Divil<br />46. Little Big Adventure 2<br />47. Lords of Magic<br />48. Lords of the Realm II<br />49. Lure of the Temptress<br />50. M.A.X.: Mechanized Assault &amp; Exploration<br />51. Martian Memorandum<br />52. Menzoberranzen<br />53. Mob Rule<br />54. Mystic Towers<br />55. Normality<br />56. Of Light and Darkness: The Prophecy<br />57. Omikron The Nomad Soul<br />58. Outcast<br />59. Outlaws<br />60. Pandemonium 2<br />61. Populous: The Beginning<br />62. Postal<br />63. Powerslide<br />64. Privateer 2: The Darkening<br />65. Raptor: Call of the Shadows<br />66. Ravenloft: Strone Prophet<br />67. Rayman Forever<br />68. Realms of Arkania: Shadows over Riva<br />69. Realms of Chaos<br />70. Redneck Rampage<br />71. Requiem: Avenging Angel<br />72. Revenant<br />73. RoboRumble<br />74. Screamer<br />75. Septerra Core: Legacy of the Creator<br />76. Settlers II, The<br />77. Seven Kingdoms<br />78. Shadow Man<br />79. Shadow Warrior<br />80. Shattered Steel<br />81. Shogo: Mobile Armor Division<br />82. Silver<br />83. SiN<br />84. Slave Zero<br />85. Slipstream 5000<br />86. Spellcasting 101: Sorcerors Get All The Girls<br />87. Spycraft - The Great Game<br />88. Star Control 3<br />89. Starship Titanic<br />90. Strife<br />91. Super Hero League of Hoboken<br />92. Terminal Velocity<br />93. Tme Commando<br />94. Toonstruck<br />95. Tunnel B1<br />96. Uprising: Join Or Die<br />97. Urban Chaos<br />98. Vangers<br />99. Wacky Wheels<br />100. X-Com: Apocalypse{% endraw %}
