---
title: "Raoul Pal - This Is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT To The Crypto Revolution"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7WcV1SwASwE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7WcV1SwASwE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["raoul pal","bitcoin","bitcoin news"]
date: "2022-02-07T15:49:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-02T15:23:53Z"
duration: "PT5M58S"
viewcount: "37429"
likeCount: "1122"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Only The SAVVY"
---
{% raw %}🔸 FREE $100 &amp; No Monthly Fees 💵 I-Trust Capital  ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itrust.capital/onlysavvy">https://itrust.capital/onlysavvy</a><br />💠 Binance FREE Bitcoin BONUS (U.S. Accepted)  ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3EMViNX">https://bit.ly/3EMViNX</a><br />🔸 KuCoin FREE Airdrop Bonus Up To $1,000 ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3dfZuKd">https://bit.ly/3dfZuKd</a><br /><br />Raoul Pal - This Is EXTREMELY IMPORTANT To The Crypto Revolution<br /><br />For quite some time now, Raoul Pal has been vocal about the potential for India to become a major powerhouse in the cryptocurrency space.  He has expressed the demographics of India, with 50% of its population being under the age of 25 and 65% of the population being under 35, combined with the digital age… is the perfect storm for immense growth in India.  Even though the stars seemed aligned from the outside, India’s Prime Minister Narenda Modi did not take well to cryptocurrencies.  In several public speeches, Prime Minister Modi warned that cryptocurrencies will help facilitate money laundering and terrorism.  Because of his beliefs, it wasn’t too long ago that he said all cryptocurrencies NOT controlled by the government, which is essentially all of them, should be banned outright.  Well, it looks as if there is a huge reversal in India’s beliefs on cryptocurrencies.  In a tweet posted on February 1, Raoul Pal said;<br /><br />“Big news in India from the budget where the Gov have unveiled taxes on virtual digital assets gains, showing regulatory acceptance. Final regs in coming months but as the fastest growing adoption, India is extremely important in the digital asset revolution.”<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br />🎵BACKGROUND MUSIC licensed through AudioJungle &amp; Epidemic Sound <br /><br />🎥FOOTAGE licensed through VideoBlocks and Filmpac, except parts about the topic that have been used under fair use.<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER <br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. <br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them) <br />-This video is also for teaching and inspirational purposes. <br />-It is not transformative in nature. <br />-We've only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.{% endraw %}
