---
title: "Lauren Boebert Accidentally Makes A Great Argument For Paid Family Leave"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vovaS2BZi0A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vovaS2BZi0A"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2022-05-19T07:37:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-18T14:00:22Z"
duration: "PT4M33S"
viewcount: "40537"
likeCount: "3660"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}Republican Representative Lauren Boebert called out corporations for offering to pay for their employees to travel to terminate a pregnancy, saying that clearly for these companies it is cheaper than offering paid family leave. Boebert didn't mean to, but she accidentally made a great point about paid family leave in the United States, as we're one of the only industrialized countries on the planet that doesn't provide this. Farron Cousins discusses this.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.huffpost.com/entry/lauren-boebert-abortions-maternity-leave-theory_n_62833d19e4b003ed2965c4d7">https://www.huffpost.com/entry/lauren-boebert-abortions-maternity-leave-theory_n_62833d19e4b003ed2965c4d7</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Well, you know what they say about a stopped clock, right? It's right. Twice a day. And I guess in this particular instance that may apply to Lauren Boebert because Lauren Boebert said something on Monday, that of course sparked a lot of outrage, but it actually raised a very good point about paid parental leave here in the United States. So on Monday, Lauren Boebert gets on Twitter and she says, quote, anyone else consider that these companies suddenly offering to pay for employee abortions or doing so just to avoid paying for maternity, leave cheaper, to kill the baby true evil personified, right? And people were outraged about that. And I understand the outrage. However, Lauren brings up a great point about paid parental leave. And I'm gonna be honest with you. I, I, I don't think she's wrong. I truly don't think she is wrong about that. I believe. <br /><br />And this is because I have gone through corporate documents. I have, you know, helped with lawsuits, you know, basically serving as a impromptu paralegal at times, going through corporate documents and the things she's saying right there, that's the kind of crap, you know, horrible things that you actually do see in corporate documents. So it wouldn't surprise me if these boards got together and said, okay, listen, we spend $5,000 to send them to a blue state to go have an abortion. If Roe is overturned, that's a hell of a lot cheaper than all the time off that comes with having a baby, not just, you know, the birth and then the paid leave if we offer it. But the sick days they gotta take, oh, you can't get a babysitter. The daycare closed down. We're on the hook for a lot of money. But if we just paid a, you know, Nick it right there, we save a lot of money. <br /><br />I, I, I, I never thought I would say this, but I guarantee you that at least one of these companies that Bo's talking about, I guarantee you, if you went through their documents, internal communications meeting minutes, you're probably gonna find conversations like that in there. So she's not wrong as disgusting as it is. She's probably correct. These companies aren't offering to do this out of the goodness of their hearts. They're not offering to do this because they're, you know, true blue liberals. And we believe in freedom of choice. There's always a financial motive for these companies to do something like this. Here's the bigger problem too. Lauren bobber herself has spoken out against paid family leave. So she's sitting here railing against companies, not wanting to do that for women. But then when she had the opportunity to support paid family leave, she refused to do it just like pretty much every other Republican in Washington, DC. So you don't get to sit there and lecture people, a woman should have the right to choose. That's what Roe was all about. You know, that that was the precedent. It's this conservative Supreme court that decided that precedent <br /><br />Stare decisis no longer matters here in the United States, but she's probably not wrong about the decision making process of these corporations. So again, even a stopped clock is right twice a day. And I'm not saying Lauren Bobert is right twice a day, maybe twice a lifetime. Well, you just used up one. So maybe you'll be right about something else, 10 years in the future. But as disgusting as her comment is, I guarantee you, if you went through their documents, you would see this decision making pro uh, process happening in real time, because this is the kind of despicable thing these corporations come up with behind the scenes, all because they don't wanna give you benefits the very same benefits that Bobert thinks you should have, except she also thinks based on her voting history and previous statements that you shouldn't have them. And let's not forget one of the reasons she thinks that people shouldn't have paid maternity leave is because she gave birth to one of her children in the bed of her pickup truck. So, you know, take her opinion with a grain of salt on issues like paid family leave, but we're one of the only countries on the planet that doesn't actually offer it.{% endraw %}
