---
title: "European normalisation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/t2vdPJtDDdE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "t2vdPJtDDdE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["physiology","nursing","NCLEX"]
date: "2022-02-07T09:09:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-07T00:42:17Z"
duration: "PT27M24S"
viewcount: "124433"
likeCount: "6948"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. John Campbell"
---
{% raw %}World Health Organization in Europe <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2022/02/03/who-europe-coronavirus-ceasefire/?utm_campaign=wp_to_your_health&amp;utm">https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2022/02/03/who-europe-coronavirus-ceasefire/?utm_campaign=wp_to_your_health&amp;utm</a>    <br /><br />Hans Kluge, WHO regional director Europe<br /><br />Soon enter a cease-fire long period of tranquillity<br /><br />plausible endgame <br /><br />plausible hope for stabilization and normalization<br /><br />This period of higher protection should be seen as a cease-fire that could bring us enduring peace<br /><br />European, 12 million cases week<br /><br />Hospitalizations up<br /><br />ICU, not increased significantly<br /><br />even with a more virulent variant than omicron potentially on the horizon, <br /><br />the continent was still in a better position and probably could avoid reinstalling the kind of disruptive measures we needed before<br /><br />Denmark <br /><br />No longer a socially critical disease<br /><br />Italy, Sweden, Switzerland, France, moving to phase out social restrictions<br /><br />Tedros Adhanom Ghebreyesus <br /><br />the emergency phase of the pandemic could end this year if 70%<br /><br />of the population of every country is vaccinated and vaccines are more equitably distributed<br /><br />It is dangerous to assume that omicron will be the last variant, or that we are in the endgame<br /><br />Russia<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2022/02/04/russia-omicron-surge/?utm_campaign=wp_to_your_health&amp;utm">https://www.washingtonpost.com/world/2022/02/04/russia-omicron-surge/?utm_campaign=wp_to_your_health&amp;utm</a><br /><br />Moscow, record high cases, + 168,000<br /><br />(relatively low testing)<br /><br />Omicron dominant<br /><br />(18,000 hospitalized)<br /><br />Significant pressure already<br /><br />Elective work often postponed<br /><br />Low vaccination rates<br /><br />Putin ruled out a lockdown<br /><br />Life goes on despite the difficult situation<br /><br />Viktor Zakharov, Intelligent Logistics Center St. Petersburg University<br /><br />Peak + 200,000 22nd February<br /><br />4 million people simultaneously ill<br /><br />Russia’s state coronavirus task force<br /><br />Has reported 333,357 deaths<br /><br />State statistics agency Rosstat<br /><br />681,100 deaths<br /><br />Moscow Times <br /> <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2022/01/28/russias-pandemic-excess-death-toll-almost-1m-a76194">https://www.themoscowtimes.com/2022/01/28/russias-pandemic-excess-death-toll-almost-1m-a76194</a><br /><br />Nearly a million excess deaths by the end of 2021<br /><br />Cardiologist in Transylvania<br /><br />I agree with Daniela about the politics and healthcare infrastructure. <br /><br />No new hospital since the fall of Communism.<br /><br />People are listening to medical recommendations<br /><br />The death rate is higher because of lack of competence of doctors in part because the health system is state owned and corrupted. <br /><br />For example, almost no one is employed without knowing someone in the system or without being in a political party or paying a lot of money (bribes). <br /><br />But also because people here don't go to the doctor early and they don't prevent disease.<br /><br />Covid admissions, a sizeable proportion didn't even knew they had high blood pressure or diabetes. <br /><br />And known cases, disease was not optimally controlled<br /><br />Sadly I've seen a lot of people die with COVID<br /><br />If it wasn't for this disease these people would have lived longer. <br /><br />The political system is indeed highly corrupted and that's why also the police is doing a very poor job. <br /><br />Also the judicial system is not up to standard.<br /><br />I would also emigrate in the near future. <br /><br />As for returning, what's the point when you, as a doctor, cannot find a job in the public healthcare system because you're not politically involved<br /><br />Steve Cosslett<br /><br />&quot;Studies in Applied Economics&quot; is a working paper (preprint) series <br /><br />States with more cases, and so potentially more deaths, will tend to have more restrictive lockdowns.<br /><br />The paper doesn't address the real question: would there have been even more deaths without the lockdowns?<br /><br />Barry (US)<br /><br />I am afraid that I have a rather jaundiced view of economics being described as a science, <br /><br />you only have to look at how the Fed has handled the economy since 2008!  We are about to pay for that economic science!{% endraw %}
