---
title: "59 UAE Mirage 2000 for IAF | An opportunity missed?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UcTJ5BWdR1k\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UcTJ5BWdR1k"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Indian","Defence Analysis","indian"]
date: "2022-04-22T07:53:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-22T00:30:03Z"
duration: "PT4M30S"
viewcount: "4554"
likeCount: "278"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Indian Defense Analysis"
---
{% raw %}IAF Mirages<br /><br />The Dassault Mirage 2000 also known as the “Vajra” (Thunder in Hindi/Sanskrit), have always been the reliable machine of Indian Air Force. They have been the mainstay of the force since the Kargil war. The Indian Air force operates 49 mirage 2000s in three squadrons: Squadron number 1: The tigers, Squadron number 7: Battle Axes, and Squadron number 9: Wolfpack.<br /><br />Role of Mirage in Operation Safed Sagar<br /><br />During Operation Safed Sagar from May to July 1999, the two Mirage squadrons flew a total of 514 sorties with only three dropouts. No. 1 Squadron flew 274 air defence and strike escort missions, while No. 7 Squadron conducted 240 strike missions during which it dropped 55,000 kg of ordnance.<br /><br />They successfully took out Pakistan Army camps and bunkers on the Tiger Hilltop in the Kargil war and changed the face of the war by successfully hitting enemy camps at such high altitudes with pinpoint precision using laser-guided bombs.<br /><br />Operation Parakram<br /><br />In response to the Parliament attack of 2001, Mirages played vital role during operation Parakram. IAF Mirages dropped precision-guided bombs weighing 1,000-pounds to destroy four bunkers that were occupied by Pakistan forces at Loonda Post on the Indian side of the Line of Control in the Machil sector. More than 30 casualties were reported from Pakistani side.<br /><br />Balakot Air Strikes<br /><br />Back On 26th February 2019 at 0300 hours IAF Mirages aircraft crossed the LoC silently and bombed the heart Jaish-e-Mohammed training camp in Balakot, Pakistan. The Balakot air strike piloted an array of 12 Mirage 2000 fighter jets that crossed the Line of Control (LoC) and destroyed the Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM) terror camp in Balakot, Pakistan.<br /><br />UAE operates 59 Upgraded Mirages<br /><br />Last year, UAE has contracted a deal with Dassault aviation for the 80 new Rafale F4 to replace its Mirages. UAE currently has 59 Mirage-2000 in its inventory. These mirages are not some rusted out second hand jets with antique weapons but a modernize Mirages with minimum 8 years of life left. These fighters were upgraded in 2019 with Thales RDY-3 Radar, Talios Advanced Targeting pod used in Rafale. The aircraft is capable of carrying air-to-surface missiles as well as cruise missiles such as the SCALP-EG.<br /><br />UAE offered entire Mirage 2000 fleet to Egypt &amp; Morocco<br /><br />As per the latest reports, UAE has offered its entire fleet of its Mirage 2000 fighters to Morocco. Egypt and Greece have also expressed their interest in the UAE Mirages. Its being reported that 34 Mirages will be go to the Kingdom of Morocco, while the rest to Egypt.<br /><br />Did IAF missed an opportunity?<br /><br />If we talk about IAF, it is already struggling with its declining squadron strength. MMRCA 2.0 or MRFA is yet to take off and even if it flies the delivery of fighters will not be sooner than 2028. Indian has always been in state of two front war situation and the danger of the same is always looming. In this situation it would have been sensible decision to add the upgraded UAE Mirages to its inventory which would have immediately boosted its squadron strength. In my opinion, a great opportunity has been missed by IAF. <br /><br />==========WHOMSOEVER IT MAY CONCERN=============<br />Most of the pictures clip or BGM included in the Video <br />Belongs to their Respected Owners and we do not claim rights.<br />We are using them under following act:<br />=================DISCLAIMER=======================<br />UNDER SECTION 107 OF THE COPYRIGHT ACT 1976, ALLOWANCE IS MADE FOR &quot;FAIR USE&quot; FOR PURPOSES SUCH AS CRITICISM, <br />COMMENT, NEWS REPORTING, TEACHING, SCHOLARSHIP, AND RESEARCH. FAIR USE IS A USE PERMITTED BY COPYRIGHT STATUTE THAT MIGHT <br />OTHERWISE BE INFRINGING. NON-PROFIT, EDUCATIONAL OR PERSONAL USE TIPS THE BALANCE IN FAVOR OF FAIR USE.<br />Follow us on social media:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/AnalysisDefense">https://twitter.com/AnalysisDefense</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://indiandefenseanalysisofficial.blogspot.com/">https://indiandefenseanalysisofficial.blogspot.com/</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/Indian-Defense-Analysis-115230683684126">https://www.facebook.com/Indian-Defense-Analysis-115230683684126</a><br />==============THANKS FOR WATCHING!================<br />PLEASE LIKE SHARE &amp; SUBSCRIBE: &quot;INDIAN DEFENSE ANALYSIS&quot;<br /><br />Music: Eternal Garden - Dan Henig{% endraw %}
