---
title: "US Immigration News Update - EAD - I-140 Priority Date Retention - GrayLaw TV"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/imQEq9-9Ygo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "imQEq9-9Ygo"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["us visa interview questions and answers","us visa interview","visa interview questions and answers"]
date: "2022-03-03T13:17:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-03T00:00:11Z"
duration: "PT8M1S"
viewcount: "1696"
likeCount: "86"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "GrayLaw TV"
---
{% raw %}Immigration Attorney Humberto R. Gray shares the latest USCIS news, and policy updates. Watch this video to get the latest U.S. Immigration news. <br /><br />#graylawtv #goodnewsupdate #usimmigrationnews<br /><br />NEW EAD RULES:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.uscis.gov/newsroom/alerts/uscis-updates-guidelines-on-maximum-validity-periods-for-new-employment-authorization-documents-for">https://www.uscis.gov/newsroom/alerts/uscis-updates-guidelines-on-maximum-validity-periods-for-new-employment-authorization-documents-for</a><br /><br />PREMIUM PROCESSING INFO---<br /><br /><br />Premium processing inquiries and follow-ups with each Service Center Inquiries on cases that are filed under premium processing, or converted to premium processing post-filing, must be directed to the premium processing unit at the Service Center where the case is pending. All Service Centers use the same main phone number for premium processing inquiries and follow ups: 1-866-315-5718. While it is possible at current to speak with a live agent for premium processing cases pending at the Vermont, Nebraska and California Service Centers, the Texas Service Center premium processing unit currently does not provide the option to speak with a live agent or leave a voice message. AILA has reached out to USCIS Public Engagement to request clarification on when the Texas Service Center premium processing unit plans on providing the option to speak with a live agent and will update the membership accordingly upon receipt of a substantive response.<br /><br />However, each Service Center's premium processing unit has a different designated email address for premium processing inquiries and follow ups:<br /><br />NSC-Premium.Processing@uscis.dhs.gov<br />TSC-Premium.Processing@uscis.dhs.gov<br />NOTE: The Texas Service Center premium processing unit has additional email addresses for specific classifications, which has caused confusion among stakeholders regarding exactly which email address(es) to contact about their case. AILA has reached out to USCIS Public Engagement to request clarification on the discrepancy and which email addresses are the correct email addresses for stakeholders to use for the Texas Service Center premium processing unit, and will update the membership accordingly upon receipt of a substantive response. In the meantime, members may wish to consider using the main TSC-Premium.Processing@uscis.dhs.gov email address together with one or more of the below addresses as appropriate:<br />Form I-129L: Two email addresses:<br />TSCPremium.I-129L@uscis.dhs.gov<br />Previously listed in the &quot;NoReply Apples&quot; premium processing receipt and approval emails (now those list &quot;TSC-Premium.Processing@uscis.dhs.gov&quot;)<br />Currently listed on premium processing RFEs tscpremiumi129l@uscis.dhs.gov Currently used by TSC premium processing to send emails Currently listed on the paper TSC premium processing receipt notices See &quot;Practice Alert: Texas Service Center L-1 Email Address,&quot; AILA Doc. No. 20062230 (June 19, 2020).<br />Form I-129 H1B: TSC_I129HPremium@uscis.dhs.gov Form I-140: TSC-Premium.140@uscis.dhs.gov VSC-Premium.Processing@uscis.dhs.gov<br />CSC-Premium.Processing@uscis.dhs.gov<br />Refunds<br />If the 15 calendar days are exceeded and a refund becomes necessary, USCIS states that the case will still receive expedited processing.4 USCIS will typically not issue the refund until the case is adjudicated. Requests for refunds may be made in writing and submitted via email to the designated email address listed above.<br /><br /><br />Tune in to GrayLaw TV for GN--good news! GN is the latest breaking news on immigration law, policies and procedures. Real cases GrayLaw firm is working on in real-time are discussed. You get a sense of processing times and changes in immigration policies. Humberto and Courtney discuss complicated subject matter on U.S. Immigration law and break it down in very simple terms so that it is understandable. Here you will also find information about green card through marriage process, green card interview,  filing for a green card through marriage, renewing your green card, O -1 visas, work visas, and investor visas. <br /><br />The information provided on this channel is for general information purposes only. It should not be construed as a communication of legal advice or opinion, nor does it create an attorney-client relationship.<br /><br />Subscribe here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXcZtHm0aHiMb9CuJOoTN">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCXcZtHm0aHiMb9CuJOoTN</a>{% endraw %}
