---
title: "Only ATK Test On Arrival, For Enter to Thailand ?\/ Thailand  News Updates \/ Travel Thailand 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mg5v8iQodho\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mg5v8iQodho"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["thailand","thailand travel","thailand reopening to tourists 2022"]
date: "2022-04-10T00:35:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-09T17:00:32Z"
duration: "PT5M7S"
viewcount: "162"
likeCount: "13"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "TRAVEL THAILAND"
---
{% raw %}welcome to &quot;Travel Thailand&quot; channel.<br />LIKE &amp; SUBSCRIBE  to our Youtube Channel for more of the latest daily news updates &amp; more video's about thailand tourism.<br />Today news headlines.<br />Starting in May, foreign arrivals to Thailand may only have to take ATK tests.<br />Thailand tourism authorities target India to offset lack of Chinese tourists.<br />Thailand covid 19 updates.<br />Dont Miss the important tourism news.watch the video till end.<br /><br />Starting in May, foreign arrivals to Thailand may only have to take ATK tests.<br />Starting in May, foreign arrivals to Thailand may take antigen tests on arrival, instead of PCR tests. Thailand’s CCSA announced yesterday that it will hold off on adjusting the current entry restrictions for foreign travellers to Thailand until it can evaluate the effects of next week’s Songkran festival, as it continues monitoring the spread of Covid-19 in the country.<br />Thailand’s deputy public health minister said, if approved, tourists would be able to wait for the results, which should take no more than 15-30 minutes to process on-site, without the need to book hotels and wait overnight for the results of PCR tests.<br />After a meeting about easing the current restrictions, PM Prayut Chan-o-cha said the government will consider a further easing of travel restrictions next month to allow more tourists into the country, saying… “We will try our best to balance public health and the economy.”<br /><br />The changes tentatively planned for next month included requiring fewer documents to register for a Thailand Pass, a shorter quarantine period for people who are unvaccinated (or test positive on their arrival test), and an adjustment of the current US$20,000 (672,000 baht) health insurance requirement.<br /><br />Thailand’s government has slowly been easing restrictions since the end of February, to help travellers arrive from overseas with less paperwork. Replacing PCR tests with antigen tests is in line with a previously published 4-step plan to reduce restrictions and paperwork up to July 1 this year.<br /><br />THAILANDThailand tourism authorities target India to offset lack of Chinese tourists.<br /><br />A deputy governor of marketing from the Tourism Authority of Thailand says Indian tourists are important for offsetting the loss of Chinese tourists in Thailand, as the TAT aims to attract 500,000 Indian tourists this year. The marketing governor said ever since an air travel bubble started with India last month, Thailand has already seen around 600 Indian arrivals per day.<br /><br />The ATB allows citizens and visa holders to travel between Thailand and India. Foreigners and Thais travelling to India are required to hold a valid Indian visa, while Indian nationals and foreigners travelling from India to Thailand must hold a valid Thai visa. According to India’s Ministry of Civil Aviation, the airlines must make sure all the passengers meet the requirement for entry before issuing boarding passes to the passengers.<br />The TAT signed a letter of intent with Thai Airways and Thai Smile Airways, a wholly owned subsidiary of Thai Airways, to boost this market. The marketing governor said Thailand might see at least 13,000 Indians per month via these two carriers. He said there should be an increase from all airlines to 80,000 starting in May. He added that 200 Indian wedding groups with around 100 guests per group are planning ceremonies in Thailand beginning this month.<br />Currently, Thai Airways offers direct flights to New Delhi, Mumbai, Chennai and Bengaluru. Thai Smile Airways is scheduled to start connections with Kolkata from April 11, with a triangular route, Bangkok-Phuket-Mumbai, set to start on April 10.<br /><br />Thailand covid 19 updates.<br />The country registered 98 more Covid-19 fatalities and 25,298 new cases during the previous 24 hours, the Public Health Ministry announced on Saturday morning.<br />Saturday’s figures did not include 22,431 positive results from antigen tests over the past 24 hours. This would raise the total to 47,729.<br />This compared with the 89 coronavirus-related fatalities and 25,140 new cases reported on Friday morning.<br />we look forward to meet you again with more news updates and video about thailand tourism.<br />keep in touch with &quot;travel thailand &quot;. and dont forget to like video and subscribe the channel .<br />Thank you for watching.have a good day.<br />previous videos,<br />Patong Beach Phuket in Thailand- Many of Tourists - 2022 April /Thailand Reopening /Travel Thailand<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K97vvg-Xyx4&amp;t=223s">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=K97vvg-Xyx4&amp;t=223s</a><br /><br />Thailand Reopening Latest News Updates- Request for New Entry Rules / Thailand News /Travel Thailand<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjM4usSJomQ&amp;t=2s">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tjM4usSJomQ&amp;t=2s</a><br /><br />our face book page<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/Travel-Thailand-107285365155009">https://www.facebook.com/Travel-Thailand-107285365155009</a>{% endraw %}
