---
title: "Tenacious D - Beelzeboss (The Final Showdown) HD"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/y8-LH_VUROk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "y8-LH_VUROk"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Tenacious","Beelzeboss","The"]
date: "2022-05-19T06:59:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2011-05-21T12:45:39Z"
duration: "PT5M37S"
viewcount: "3719265"
likeCount: "44823"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MrMojoRisinV"
---
{% raw %}Beelzeboss (The Final Showdown) by Tenacious D and Dave Grohl<br />Lyrics:<br /><br />[Beelz] I am complete!<br /><br />[Both] Fuck!<br /><br />[Beelz]<br />Yes you are fucked, shit out of luck<br />Now I'm complete and my cock you will suck<br />This world will be mine and you're first in line<br />You brought me the pick and now you shall both die!<br /><br />[JB]<br />Wait! Wait! Wait!<br />You motherfucker<br />We challenge you to a rock off!<br />Give us one chance to rock your socks off<br /><br />[Beelz]<br />Fuck, fuck, fuck<br />The demon code prevents me<br />From declining a rock off challenge<br />What are your terms? What's the catch?<br /><br />[JB]<br />If we win, you must take your sorry ass back to hell.<br />And also you will have to pay our rent.<br /><br />[Beelz] And what if I win?<br />[JB] Then you can take Kage back to hell...<br />[KG] What?<br />[JB] Trust me Kage, it's the only way,<br />[KG] What the fuck are you talking about?<br />[JB] ...to be your little bitch.<br /><br />[Beelz]<br />Fine! Let the rock off begin! Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha!<br />I'm the devil, I love metal!<br />Check this riff, it's fucking tasty<br />I'm the devil, I can do what I want,<br />Whatever I got I'm gonna flaunt,<br />There's never been a rock off that I've ever lost<br />I can't wait to take Kage back to hell<br />I'm gonna fill him with my hot demon gel<br />I'll make him squeal like my scarlet pimpernel<br /><br />[JB]<br />No!<br />[one version:] C'mon Kage, bring the thunder.<br />[another version:] C'mon Kage, let's fight his music, with our music<br />[KG]<br />There's just no way that we can win,<br />That was a masterpiece.<br />[JB] Listen to me<br />[KG] He rocks too hard because he's not a mortal man<br />[JB]<br />Goddamn-it Kage,<br />He gonna make you his sex slave,<br />You're gonna gargle mayonnaise<br />[KG]<br />No<br />Unless we bust a massive monster mammoth jam.<br />[KG] Dude, we've been through so much shit,<br />[JB] Deactivated lasers with my dick<br />[Both] Now it's time to blow this fucker down!<br />[JB] C'mon Kage, now it's time to blow doors down<br />[KG] I hear you Jables, now it's time to blow doors down<br />[JB] Light up the stage 'cause it's time for a showdown<br />[KG] We'll bend you over then we'll take you to Brown Town<br />[Both] Now we've got to blow this fucker down<br />[KG] He's gonna rape me if we do not blow doors down<br />[JB] C'mon Kage 'cause it's time to blow doors down<br />[KG] Oh, we'll piledrive you, it's time for the smackdown<br />[JB]<br />Hey anti-christ-er, Beelzeboss,<br />We know your weakness our rocket-sauce<br />We rock the casbah, and blow your mind<br />We will defeat you for all mankind<br />You hold the scepter,<br />We hold the key<br />You are the devil,<br />We are the D [18x]<br /><br />[Beelz]<br />You guys are fuckin' lame.<br />Come on Kage, you're coming with me.<br />Taste my lightning, fucker!<br /><br />[JB] No!<br /><br />[Beelz]<br />Ow! Fuck!<br />My fuckin' horn!<br />Oh no!<br /><br />[JB]<br />From whence you came you shall remain,<br />Until you are complete again<br /><br />[Beelz]<br />No!<br />Fuck you Kage and fuck you Jables!<br />I'll get you Tenacious D!<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Tenacious D   Beelzeboss The Final Showdown High Definition hs tenaciousd satan 666 die motherfucker rockoff  off rock fuck demon code chalenge terms if we win sorry ass back to hell pay our rents I win kg to be your little bitch I'm the devil I love metal check this tasty riff it is fucking tasty jack black kyle gass that was a masterpiece mortal man goggle mayonnaise mayo mamajam deativatede lasers with my dick blow fucker doors down hey antichrist ah sceptor devil septor skeptor we are the d fuckin' lame fuckin from where whence you came you shall remain until you are complete again the pick of destiny{% endraw %}
