---
title: "Mercedes CLS Edition 1 - Sporty and Comfortable"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dnXjPfu5MLY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dnXjPfu5MLY"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["2019 Mercedes CLS","Mercedes CLS","Mercedes CLS Drive"]
date: "2022-02-02T15:54:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-11-30T08:00:02Z"
duration: "PT6M25S"
viewcount: "60810"
likeCount: "397"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Cars Garage"
---
{% raw %}2019 Mercedes Benz CLS Edition 1 - Drive, Interior and Exterior. Color: Designo selenite grey magno, Black nappa leather.<br /><br />The range of engines for the CLS is completely new. Three six-cylinder models will be available on market launch:<br /><br />CLS 350 d 4MATIC (210 kW/286 hp, 600 Nm)<br />CLS 400 d 4MATIC (250 kW/340 hp, 700 Nm)<br />CLS d 450 4MATIC (270 + 16 kW/367 hp + 22 hp)<br /><br />The four-door coupé will enter the market in March 2018.<br /><br />The exclusivity of the CLS can be heightened even further with the Edition 1, which will be available for around one year after the market launch. This special model has numerous luxurious features as standard, which are only available for the Edition 1. These include e.g. the COPPER ART interior concept with seats in black pearl nappa leather with centre sections in a diamond design and copper-coloured accents, copper-coloured contrasting topstitching on the centre console, seats, armrests, dashboard and door linings, and a unique diamond grille with matt chrome pins and louvre with a copper-coloured shimmer. The Edition 1 is available with all engine variants.<br /><br />The exterior is based on the AMG Line. Special features include MULTIBEAM LED headlamps as standard and 20‑inch multi-spoke AMG light alloy wheels painted in black with a high-sheen rim flange. The special model is recognisable by the &quot;Edition 1&quot; lettering on the front wings.<br /><br />Highlights of the interior, which is likewise based on the AMG Line, additionally include:<br /><br />- dashboard support lined in black nappa leather<br />- centre console and dashboard support trim in black open-pored ash wood<br />- IWC analogue clock with exclusive dial face<br />- Vehicle key in high-gloss black with high-sheen chrome surround<br />- Ambient lighting in 64 colours incl. illuminated ventilation nozzles<br />- Mirror package<br />- Memory package<br />- Rear seat backrest foldable in a 40:20:40 ratio<br />- Floor mats with &quot;Edition 1&quot; badge and copper-coloured piping<br />- Chrome &quot;Edition 1&quot; lettering on the centre console and &quot;Edition 1&quot; display on the welcome screen.<br /><br />The sporty CLS also has a comfortable side. The AIR BODY CONTROL suspension, ENERGIZING comfort controls and the very latest infotainment generation, smartphone connectivity via Mercedes-Benz Link and wireless charging accentuate this. The touchpad in the centre console gives haptic and acoustic feedback when operating the numerous convenience functions and settings.<br /><br />The standard appointments of the CLS are as usual very extensive: The highlights include LED High Performance headlamps, 18‑inch light-alloy wheels with mixed tyres, Lane Keeping Assist, Speed Limit Assist, a 12.3‑inch media display, ambience lighting including illuminated air vents, Mercedes me connect services and a communication module with LTE.<br /><br />The new CLS has a four-link front suspension and a five-link rear suspension. A dynamically set-up steel comfort suspension is standard equipment. The optionally available DYNAMIC BODY CONTROL suspension has a sporty basic setup and includes continuously adjustable damping at the front and rear axle. The selectable driving modes are Comfort, Sport and Sport+. Also available on request is the AIR BODY CONTROL air suspension with an improved, adjustable and adaptive damping system. The driver is able to choose vehicle characteristics from comfortable to sporty using the driving mode switch.<br /><br />The new CLS generation has many things in common with the new S-Class, the automotive flagship of the entire industry: The CLS is equipped with the latest generation of driving assistance systems, with route-based driver support provided by the Driving Assistance Package.<br /><br />The range of driving assistance and safety systems features a modular design and as standard includes Active Brake Assist, Lane Keeping Assist, ATTENTION ASSIST, Speed Limit Assist and the occupant protection system PRE-SAFE®. New and also part of the standard specification is PRE-SAFE® Sound (prepares human hearing for the anticipated accident noise when there is a risk of a collision).<br /><br />The optional Driving Assistance Package consists of Active Distance Control DISTRONIC, Active Steering Assist, Active Speed Limit Assist, Active Brake Assist with cross-traffic function, Evasive Steering Assist, Active Blind Spot Assist, Active Lane Keeping Assist and PRE‑SAFE® PLUS. Active Distance Control DISTRONIC and Active Steering Assist now provide even more comfortable support for the driver to keep a safe distance and steer. The speed is now adjusted automatically ahead of bends or junctions. Active Lane Change Assist has also been significantly improved (country-specific differences are possible for individual functions). In addition, the Driving Assistance Plus package includes PRE-SAFE® Impulse Side. This system can prepare the front occupants for a side impact by giving them a sideways impulse, reducing the risk of injury.{% endraw %}
