---
title: "An Interview with The Langham Estate | One One One | Every London Office"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1FDcK4YlbHo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1FDcK4YlbHo"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["FitzroviaOffice","EveryLondonOffice","AdamLandau"]
date: "2022-02-25T02:14:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-24T09:43:01Z"
duration: "PT10M30S"
viewcount: "337"
likeCount: "9"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "One One One"
---
{% raw %}In this episode of our London office vlog series, we're talking to Malcolm Cohen, Director of Leasing and Marketing at The Langham Estate, to get an insight into one of Central London’s largest landlords and their mixed use commercial property portfolio. We look inside some of their buildings and hear what their plans are for the future.<br /><br />They own nearly 14 acres of mixed use commercial real estate buildings, which is very unusual for Central London. This includes over 100 buildings in Fitzrovia/Noho. Market Place, which is close to Oxford Street, is central to this area and where several of their buildings are located. <br /><br />Fitzrovia is affectionately known as Noho to Londoners, being North of Oxford Street and North of Soho. It is one of the West End of London's most popular and trendy locations for restaurants, residing and businesses. For an interesting view of the area, it's probably worth a quick look at our walkaround video of Fitzrovia which you can watch here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/jw-IYE7c_Y4">https://youtu.be/jw-IYE7c_Y4</a>  #ASMR<br /><br />Tenant dynamics have changed in recent times and The Langham Estate is adapting to this change. They have a rolling programme of refurbishment for some of the buildings, to create space that tenants are looking for. <br /><br />Office tenants are currently looking for ready to move in space and there are two options available to them within the portfolio. There are Plug and Play options called CAT A + which come already furnished and fitted out, for tenants to be able to move straight in. There are also CAT A options which are clean, clear, open plan, refurbished, air conditioned office spaces ready for a tenant to come in and fit to their own specifications and to their own brand identity. <br /><br />One of the buildings in their portfolio is 10 Great Castle Street, a 12,540 sq. ft Headquarters building, which we visited in a previous vlog episode – watch here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/cUi3nl9Sx7A">https://youtu.be/cUi3nl9Sx7A</a> <br /><br />Historically tenants took office space with 3, 5, 10, 15 year leases. Nowadays tenants want far more flexibility and so leases are offered for shorter periods, anything from 6 months up to 15 years.<br /><br />Companies like BP are a good example of the changing office market. They have taken a whole Plug and Play building, from Serviced Office providers The Office Group, on a flexible lease and on a Managed basis. <br /><br />The restaurant market is adapting to new trends too. “Competitive socialising” is very popular now, with restaurants providing a more interactive environment for their patrons. Things like indoor bowling or indoor cricket are keeping guests more entertained which allows for a longer evening of eating and socialising with friends.<br /><br />The Langham Estate provide their own Serviced Office building called Gilmora House. This building has been set up as an Incubator building for start-up companies. Companies can start with just a few desks and pay per desk per month on a flexible lease. When they are ready to move somewhere more permanent, they tend to move within the Langham Estate portfolio.<br /><br />If you are looking for Prime Real Estate in Fitzrovia, they will have a solution for you.<br /><br />Some of the buildings in their portfolio, with availability, include: <br /><br />244-248 Great Portland Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1W 5QX is a newly refurbished building located directly opposite Great Portland Street underground station. The 1st and 2nd self-contained office floors are currently available measuring 2,585 sq.ft. in total. <br /><br />Julco House, 26-28 Great Portland Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1W 8QT is directly above the restaurant Wahacca, at the junction with Margaret Street. The building offers several floors of private office space. 1850 sq. ft. is currently available on the 3rd floor and 1840 sq. ft. on the 4th floor. <br /><br />22-23 Little Portland Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1W 8BU is a Headquarters building with circa 9,900 sq.ft. of office space currently available. <br /><br />Welbeck House, 66-67 Wells Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1T 3PZ has several available floors ranging from 250 sq.ft. on the 2nd floor (rear) to 1,100 sq.ft. on the 2nd floor (front). <br /><br />Circus House, 21 Great Titchfield Street, Fitzrovia, London, W1W 8DU is a 1930’s building located at the junction of Great Titchfield Street and Little Portland Street. There is office space available on the 1st, 2nd, 3rd and 4th floors all of circa 2300 sq.ft. <br /><br />We hope you enjoy the 14th episode of our latest vlog series, and if you have any questions at all regarding the Langham Estate portfolio, or any other offices on our channel, head over to our website below and get in touch. <br /><br />www.oneadv.co.uk <br />02079238620 <br />hello@oneadv.co.uk <br /><br />Watch our tours of office space here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHyubp8lwF89afB_kMliAv_ZmYh1RV9vl">https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLHyubp8lwF89afB_kMliAv_ZmYh1RV9vl</a> <br />See all our other social channels here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://linktr.ee/EveryLondonOffice">https://linktr.ee/EveryLondonOffice</a> <br /><br />*One One One or Adam Landau do not claim to be marketing these properties but simply providing the world with knowledge that it exists.{% endraw %}
