---
title: "Life is Short (Original Xbox advert banned)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/brsI6z13Su8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "brsI6z13Su8"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["xbox","media","center"]
date: "2022-02-22T02:53:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-12-17T06:11:18Z"
duration: "PT52S"
viewcount: "784329"
likeCount: "6480"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Xavier Boxer"
---
{% raw %}Mod Original Xbox to play ROMs, Import/Burned Games, XBMC &amp; Emulators. Xbox Softmod Kit for NTSC or PAL<br /><br />The banned commercial starts with a woman giving birth to a baby boy who then shoots out of a window in a surreal sequence. Viewers then saw the boy ageing rapidly as he flies through the air screaming, before violently crashing into his own grave. The advert ends with the payoff: &quot;Life is short. Play more.&quot;<br /><br />Order the Xbox Softmod Kit at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.xbmcxbox.blogspot.com">http://www.xbmcxbox.blogspot.com</a> <br /><br />This is a video tutorial to mod the original Xbox (not Xbox 360). It is a tutorial as well as a review. This customer bought the Xbox Softmod Kit which is still available to either buy or rent at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.xbmcxbox.blogspot.com.">http://www.xbmcxbox.blogspot.com.</a> One purchase can mod hundred's of Xbox's. <br /><br />With the Xbox Softmod Kit you will be able to mod the original Xbox without the need to unscrew or open the Xbox, action replay and/or mod chip is not required. <br /><br />What is a 'SoftMod'? - Soft-mod means software modification. The XBOX Sofmod Kit will mod the XBOX without the need to disassemble or install a modchip. To modify is to install new software over the original while giving the XBOX new features and still give access to all of its original functions. Play backup games, play DVD without the DVD Movie Playback Kit plus support other great features such as...<br /><br />Emulators - The Microsoft XBOX was designed to only play XBOX games. However, a modded XBOX can play games from classic video game systems by installing emulators. Emulators are programs that play ROMs. ROMs are video games contained into a single file. Play games from Nintendo (NES), Super Nintendo (SNES), Nintendo 64 (N64), Game Boy Advance (GBA), Mega Drive/Sega Genesis, TurboGrafx-16, Atari, MAME Arcade and other game consoles. Additionally, the Sega CD and Neo-Geo CD emulators are able to load their original game discs directly from the XBOX disc drive.<br /><br />Multimedia - Transform your classic XBOX into a killer media center. Install XBMC to access all your digital media files to play them on XBOX. Connect the XBOX to a computer or home network to stream video, music and photos. Additionally, play region free DVD's without the DVD Movie Playback Kitand rip DVD's to the XBOX hard drive.<br /><br />Xbox Games - XBOX games can be played from the hard drive as ISO image files. It can also play imported games, homebrew games, burned games and backup copies of an original XBOX game disc. The XBOX already has an 8GB hard drive that can also be upgraded when modded. <br /><br />Personal Computer - Install XBOX Linux and turn the XBOX into a personal computer (PC). XBOX Linux features internet browser, text editor, file manager and more. Also, a mouse and keyboard can be used with a usb converter. There are several types of XBOX Linux such as xDSL, Gentoox and Xebian. XBOX Hardware Specifications. <br /><br />Dashboard - The dashboard is start up screen of the XBOX. A modded XBOX will start up with a new dashboard, either UnleashX or EvolutionX. The new dashboard will give access to the XBOX file system and allow you to transfer files between XBOX and computer. The original XBOX dashboard will still be accessible.{% endraw %}
