---
title: "6 Signs You're An Attractive Person (Without Even Knowing It)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/H_phjkrgJ4U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "H_phjkrgJ4U"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["how to get a girlfriend","how to be attractive","how to look more attractive"]
date: "2022-05-31T00:17:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-28T23:39:07Z"
duration: "PT4M35S"
viewcount: "130325"
likeCount: "8283"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Psych2Go"
---
{% raw %}Summer is here, and you might be wondering how to get a girlfriend, or how to get a boyfriend? And you're looking for advice on how to be attractive, how to look more attractive, or how to be more attractive? You can do attractive habits such as: making the first move, taking the lead, being humble, having good posture, and being funny. Of course, you don't have to have all of these traits to be attractive, but you can definitely practice on one or two. Hopefully, these can be practical psychology tips that you can apply to attracting the love of your life!  At psych2go, we are here to help you find love and connection too. <br /><br />Still not convinced? Watch this video too: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/GNK1WFqHL1M">https://youtu.be/GNK1WFqHL1M</a> <br /><br />Writer: Michal Mitchell <br />Script Editor &amp; Manager: Kelly Soong <br />VO:  Amanda Silvera (www.youtube.com/amandasilvera)<br />Animator:  Chantal Van Rensburg<br />YouTube Manager: Cindy Cheong        <br /><br />References:<br />Cuddy, A. J. C., Wilmuth, C. A., &amp;amp; Carney, D. R. (2012, September 12). The benefit of power Posing before a HIGH-STAKES social evaluation. Harvard Business School working paper series # 13-027. dash.harvard.edu/handle/1/9547823.  <br />Vacharkulksemsuk, T., Reit, E., Khambatta, P., Eastwick, P. W., Finkel, E. J., &amp;amp; Carney, D. R. (2016, April 12). Dominant, open NONVERBAL displays are attractive AT ZERO-ACQUAINTANCE. PNAS. www.pnas.org/content/113/15/4009. <br />FINKEL, E. L. I. J., EASTWICK, P. A. U. L. W., &amp;amp; MATTHEWS, J. A. C. O. B. (2007). Speed-dating as an invaluable tool for studying romantic attraction: A methodological primer. Personal Relationships, 14(1), 149–166. doi.org/10.1111/j.1475-6811.2006.00146.x <br />Tehrene Firman, October 9, 2018. (2019, July 15). 50 genius ways to be instantly more attractive. Best Life. bestlifeonline.com/tricks-appearing-attractive/.  <br />Sun, T. (2017, February 14). 10 little habits that make you more attractive (and I'm not talking ABOUT LOOKS). Lifehack. www.lifehack.org/447051/10-little-habits-that-make-you-more-attractive-and-im-not-talking-about-looks <br />Wolff, C. (2016, October 27). 9 bizarre little habits that can make you more attractive to others. Bustle. hwww.bustle.com/articles/191468-9-bizarre-little-habits-that-can-make-you-more-attractive-to-others. <br />Clear, J. (2018, July 26). How to be confident and reduce stress in 2 minutes per day. James Clear. jamesclear.com/body-language-how-to-be-confident. <br />Writer, S. (2020, October 2). 11 ways to be more Attractive, according to science. HealthyWay. hwww.healthyway.com/content/ways-to-be-more-attractive-according-to-science/. <br />Dahl, M. (2014, June 23). Why does everyone look hotter in sunglasses? The Cut. www.thecut.com/2014/06/why-does-everyone-look-hotter-in-sunglasses.html. <br />Walker, D., &amp; Vul, E. (2014). Hierarchical Encoding Makes Individuals in a Group Seem More Attractive. Psychological Science, 25(1), 230–235. doi.org/10.1177/0956797613497969 <br />Kniffin, K. M., Wansink, B., Griskevicius, V., &amp; Wilson, D. S. (2014, October 11). Beauty is in the in-group of the beholded: Intergroup differences in the perceived attractiveness of leaders. The Leadership Quarterly. www.sciencedirect.com/science/article/pii/S1048984314001027. <br /> Moore, M. M. (2002). Courtship Communication and Perception. Perceptual and Motor Skills, 94(1), 97–105. doi.org/10.2466/pms.2002.94.1.97 <br /> Aron, A., Melinat, E., Aron, E. N., Vallone, R. D., &amp; Bator, R. J. (1997). The Experimental Generation of Interpersonal Closeness: A Procedure and Some Preliminary Findings. Personality and Social Psychology Bulletin, 23(4), 363–377. doi.org/10.1177/0146167297234003 <br />Brown, L. (2020, December 8). &quot;Am I attractive?&quot; Psychology says you might be hotter than you think. Hack Spirit. hackspirit.com/psychologist-explains-youre-probably-attractive-think/. <br />Edwards, V. V. (2020, July 19). How to Be More Attractive: 7 Rules to Increase Attraction. Science of People. www.scienceofpeople.com/attraction/. <br />McGinley, H., McGinley, P. &amp; Nicholas, K. Smiling, body position, and interpersonal attraction. Bull. Psychon. Soc. 12, 21–24 (1978). doi.org/10.3758/BF03329613{% endraw %}
