---
title: "Legendary Bob Dylan and his family"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CJ8QW4g1tzE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CJ8QW4g1tzE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Bob Dylan family","Bob Dylan kids","Bob Dylan children"]
date: "2022-02-08T19:22:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-02-22T13:09:54Z"
duration: "PT4M18S"
viewcount: "230509"
likeCount: "867"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Skeleton"
---
{% raw %}Bob Dylan is a stage name of Robert Allen Zimmerman, who became one of the most significant figures in rock music history. As a songwriter, singer and composer he made a kind of revolution in rock music, having turned to be a voice of generation. <br />Let’s have a look at the family of this legendary, award-winning musician.<br /><br />Bob Dylan was married to Sara Dylan for 12 years, since 1965. Surprisingly, Sara was not her original name. Her ex-husband Hans Lownds couldn’t stand her birth name Shirley, thus young lady changed it to Sara.  She and Bob met at their friend’s home. <br />We guess, it was the love from the first sight, as they soon got married in secret, and went on to have four more kids together. In overall, their family life was happy. The singer claimed his connection with Sara was of great importance to him. The relationship broke when Sara learnt about Bob’s adultery during his long music tours. Anyway, Sara left a somewhat love of his life. You may remember Dylan’s well-known “Sara”, which has become a kind of symbol of their feelings.<br /><br />Bob Dylan met his second wife Carolyn Dennis in 1986. She was singer’s wife for 6 years. However, their relationships and even parenthood were kept in secret until 2001. Carolyn herself is a professional vocalist and actress.<br /><br />Well, for sure we know that the iconic musician was a father of 5 children. Let’s see the rock star’s heir.<br /><br />Maria Dylan was adopted by Bob. She was Sara’s daughter from previous marriage with Hans Lownds. As an adult, Maria become a wife of Peter Himmelman – like her father, a folk-rock singer and songwriter. Together they welcomed four children. Maria works as a lawyer and leads an ordinary life with her family, like many other Americans. <br /><br />The singer’s first son Jesse Byron Dylan was born in 1966. Jesse chose the career of businessperson and achieved real success on his way. He now is a film and music video director. Moreover, he is an executive director  of the media production company. Jesse is quite happy in his family life, being a spouse to actress Susan Taylor and a father of two kids.<br /><br />The only daughter of the singer and his first wife was born in 1967. Anna Lea Dylan is a painter. She lives together with her spouse in Santa Monica.<br /><br />Samuel Isaac Abram Dylan was born just a year after his elder sister Anna. He is a professional photographer, a husband and a father of 2 sons.<br /><br />The last kid of Bob and Sara Dylan was name Jacob Luke Dylan, who arrived in 1969. Like his famous father, he became popular as a rock musician, having created his own band – Wallflowers. He also appeared on the cover of Rolling Stone Magazine. As for his personal life, Jacob is a parent of four boys together with pretty wife Nicole Paige Denny.<br /><br />The “secret” Dylan’s daughter Desiree Gabrielle Dennis-Dylan was born in 1986. She led an isolated life together with her mom Carolyn Dennis for years. Only in 2001, she was publicly acknowledged as a legendary singer’s daughter. In 2014, Desiree got married with her girlfriend Kayla Sampson in California.{% endraw %}
