---
title: "Mental Strength Affirmations - \"I AM\" - Increase Mind Power - Schumann Resonance - Binaural Beats"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bM3l-Q22o0E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bM3l-Q22o0E"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["affirmations","schumann resonance","binaural beats"]
date: "2022-03-07T00:47:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-08-11T19:13:59Z"
duration: "PT15M1S"
viewcount: "82253"
likeCount: "1028"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Magnetic Minds"
---
{% raw %}Mental Strength Affirmations - &quot;I AM&quot; - Increase Mind Power - Schumann Resonance - Binaural Beats<br /><br />Purchase this MP3: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/eegNWn">https://goo.gl/eegNWn</a><br /><br />Magnetic Minds: <br /><br />This track contains Positive Mental Affirmations which are designed to Increase Mind Power and Confidence significantly.<br /><br />Affirmations are one of the most powerful ways to change your subconscious beliefs about yourself, which in turn affects your reality. <br /><br />The following frequencies are contained in this video:<br /><br />7.83 Hz <br />Binaural Beats<br />Schumann Resonance (Earths Vibrational Frequency)<br />Carrier Frequency - 136.1 Hz (OM)<br /><br />If you enjoy this video, please Like and Subscribe for weekly updates.<br /><br />===== Affirmations Text =====<br /><br />I AM strong and confident<br /><br />I AM self empowered<br /><br />My mind is becoming stronger each day<br /><br />I AM strong in dealing with adversity<br /><br />I AM strong when dealing with negative life circumstances<br /><br />My mental strength makes people feel comfortable around me<br /><br />My mental strength continues to grow each day<br /><br />I AM wise and knowledgable<br /><br />My mind comes up with creative solutions to problems<br /><br />I use the maximum capability of my Mind<br /><br />I use the maximum capability of my brain<br /><br />My strength of mind leads me to new outcomes<br /><br />I AM grateful for the strength my mind has on my reality<br /><br />My life gets better and better each day<br /><br />I find new ways to turn any situation into a positive experience<br /><br />I always remain calm, confident, and courageous<br /><br />My strength of mind enables me to be a positive role model<br /><br />I see myself as someone who has a powerful mind<br /><br />Every day in every way, I am better and better<br /><br />===== General Questions =====<br /><br />Q. What are Binaural Beats?<br /><br />&quot;Binaural Beats&quot; is a term given to playing one sound frequency in one ear, and another sound frequency in the opposite ear, creating a two-tone effect in the mid-brain that is actually perceived to be one tone. This causes an &quot;Entrainment&quot; effect in the brain that has a variety of results depending on the frequency. <br /><br />Q. What are Binaural Beats good for?<br /><br />Lots of things. Meditation, Relaxation, Stress Relief, Deeper Sleep, Pain Relief, Mind Expansion, Brain Hemisphere Synchronization, and the list goes on and on. <br /><br />Pretty much any element of the Mind / Body complex can be improved using Binaural Beats, which again is just Brainwave Entrainment. <br /><br />Q. Do Binaural Beats Actually Work?<br /><br />Indeed. Many scientific studies (especially as of late) have conclusive research on Brainwave Entrainment and it's effects. <br /><br />Q. Must I wear headphones for these videos? <br /><br />You don't have to use headphones, but the Binaural effect is increased if you do. <br /><br />Q. Do I need to close my eyes while listening to this?<br /><br />No, although you'll find closing your eyes will generally lead to a deeper, more profound state while listening.<br /><br />If you enjoy this video, please Like and Subscribe for weekly updates.{% endraw %}
