---
title: "FLYING OVER AUSTRIA (4K UHD) - Relaxing Music With Stunning Beautiful Nature (4K Video Ultra HD)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ejgpomz8eUs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ejgpomz8eUs"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["scenic relaxation","4k","4k video"]
date: "2022-03-30T18:27:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-25T08:03:13Z"
duration: "PT3H40M13S"
viewcount: "2808716"
likeCount: "16978"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Earth Relaxation"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to Earth Relaxation !<br />Austria  is a landlocked East Alpine country in the southern part of Central Europe. It is composed of nine federated states (Bundesländer), one of which is Vienna, Austria's capital and largest city. It is bordered by Germany to the northwest, the Czech Republic to the north, Slovakia to the northeast, Hungary to the east, Slovenia and Italy to the south, and Switzerland and Liechtenstein to the west. Austria occupies an area of 83,879 km2 (32,386 sq mi) and has a population of nearly 9 million people. While German is the country's official language, many Austrians communicate informally in a variety of Bavarian dialects.<br />Austria initially emerged as a margraviate around 976 and developed into a duchy and archduchy. In the 16th century, Austria started serving as the heart of the Habsburg Monarchy and the junior branch of the House of Habsburg – one of the most influential royal dynasties in history. As an archduchy, it was a major component and administrative centre of the Holy Roman Empire. Early in the 19th century, Austria established its own empire, which became a great power and the leading force of the German Confederation, but pursued its own course independently of the other German states following its defeat in the Austro-Prussian War in 1866. In 1867, in compromise with Hungary, the Austria-Hungary Dual Monarchy was established.<br />Music has so many benefits, and one of them is that it calms your nerves down. It's always a good idea to listen to some background music while you're doing something. So here are some relaxing piano pieces with 4k nature videos that will help you relax, feel relaxed, and get ready for bed.<br />In this video, I'm going to show you my favorite nature video that will help you relax and improve your mood. It's a 4k video with relaxing music and calming nature sounds. There are no talking in this video so you can enjoy the natural sound of the forest, the sound of a river, and some birds chirping.<br />Watch the 4k ultra high definition video in this video in somewhere at nail salon, public transport or restaurant. Relaxing music is playing in the background. Try out this 4k ultra high definition video let me know what you think in the comments below!.<br />▽ Follow Earth Relaxation<br />➤ Youtube → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS4jPUCax8d3f-uke--YXXQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCS4jPUCax8d3f-uke--YXXQ</a><br />#earthrelaxation​ #relaxingmusic​ #4kaustria<br />----------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Music provided by EMVN<br />Submit your music: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://emvn.co/submitDemo">http://emvn.co/submitDemo</a><br />📌 Contacts: copyright.thstudio@gmail.com, network@emvn.co<br />Track list:<br />0:0:0   | 1 . Lightly<br />0:4:50  | 2 . Relax<br />0:9:44  | 3 . Water<br />0:14:17 | 4 . Beach<br />0:19:1  | 5 . Calm<br /><br />Follow Artists:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.fanlink.to/melosy">https://emvn.fanlink.to/melosy</a><br />----------------------------------------------------------------------<br />►All rights belong to their respective owners.<br />✔ This video was given a special license directly from the artists and the right holders.{% endraw %}
