---
title: "Meru Betiri National Park,  A Superb Nature Conservation"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pyJZJYgf7LY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pyJZJYgf7LY"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["amazingnesia","indonesia","sukamade"]
date: "2022-04-13T18:09:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-03-24T17:00:04Z"
duration: "PT4M30S"
viewcount: "237"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Amazing Indonesia"
---
{% raw %}Meru Betiri National Park<br />A Superb Nature Conservation<br /><br />Traveling to East Java will bring you to many unspoilt natural charms. Meru Betiri National Park is located in Pesanggaran District, within the Banyuwangi and Jember Region, East Java Province. It is a nature conservation with amazing natural wonders, bound in its 580 km square territory.<br /><br />Geographically located on 8°21’-8°34’ South Latitude, 113°37’-113°58’ East Longitude, the fertile area has already being protected, since the Dutch Government period of 1931, as a conservation area due to its abundant richness. It is known as the natural habitat of the striped local Java tiger. Today, the Park still conserves rare and endangered wildlife species, such as the amazing Rafflesia zollingeriana flower and the Javanese flying squirrels.<br /><br />It also has an 8.54 km square of marine area, with pristine beaches in mesmerizing nature, hides away beyond the lush green rainforest of the vast park. Sukamade Beach are the tranquil nesting grounds for endangered turtle species such as leatherback, hawksbill, olive ridley and green turtles.<br /><br />Witness the amazing natural events of sea turtles laying their eggs here during night time. Or, participate in escorting baby turtles back to the free ocean after spending some time in the local breeding facility which cares for their early wellbeing.<br /><br />In Rajegwesi Beach you can swim or observe fishermen traditions. There is also Green Bay, a crystal clear marine tourism where you can enjoy the astonishing turquoise waters. <br /><br /><br />Photo by Travis Burke<br /><br />Meru Betiri National Park is opened for public since 1982, comprising some highlands area with an altitude of almost 1,200 m. Some of the mountains in the areas are Mount Meru (343 m) and Mount Betiri (1,233 m) on the west part, which combined as the name chosen for this National Park.<br /><br />On the south part, there are Mount Sumbudadung (520 m), Mount Sukamande (363 m), Mount Rajegwesi (181 m) and Mount Benteng (222 m). There are even more mountains inside the expansive conservation area, such as Mount Gamping (538 m), Mount Butak (609 m), Mount Sukamade Atas (801 m), Mount Gendong (840 m) and Mount Mandilis (844 m).<br /><br /> <br /><br />Get There<br /><br />There are a few routes to get to the Park: Ambulu-Curahnongko-Bandealit for three hours (31 km), Jajag-Sarongan-Sukamade for three hours (60 km), Surabaya-Jember-Ambulu for five hours (225 km) and the Surabaya-Banyuwangi-Jajag with six hours travel time (342 km). Some roads leading near to location maybe bumpy and require an experienced guide with a 4 wheels drive vehicles to maneuver the rough path. Jember – Surabaya can also be travelled by train or public transports. Public transport varies in form of an ojek motorcycle, a minibus bemo, large busses or a daily truck. If you would prefer extra conveniences, book for a private tour from a trusted travel site to escort you to a hassle free holiday.<br /><br /> <br /><br />Get Around<br /><br />Most of visitor are here to do jungle trekking or beach walk and therefore prefer to explore the site by foot. Some tours might include trips in a 4 wheels drive to cruise the rivers and jungles of the Park.<br /><br /> <br /><br />Where to Stay<br /><br />There are basic guest house facility inside the park. For further information of price, service and availability prior to your arrival, you can contact them by e-mail. You can also collect informations for the necessary procedures and preparation when you plan to set up a camp inside Meru Betiri.<br /><br /><br />Help us to be better<br />SUBSCRIBE for more videos here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQbXbMAAGEzz4bep-QxapYQ?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCQbXbMAAGEzz4bep-QxapYQ?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />More from Amazing Indonesia:<br />-<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieIcWtb5O7I">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ieIcWtb5O7I</a><br /><br /><br />Meru Betiri National Park,  A Superb Nature Conservation{% endraw %}
