---
title: "Iditarod Highlights | DAY 3 | QRILLPAWS 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3VspL3WsFrM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3VspL3WsFrM"
categories: "Pets-Animals"
tags: ["QRILL Pet Arctic World Series","QRILLPAWS","QPAWS"]
date: "2022-03-10T01:42:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-09T15:21:17Z"
duration: "PT3M3S"
viewcount: "1099"
likeCount: "49"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "QRILLPAWS"
---
{% raw %}Follow QRILL PAWS -  a series of legendary international mushing events. <br />LIVE GPS tracking and much more content here: qrillpaws.com<br /><br />- What is QRILLPAWS? -<br />QRILLPAWS brings the excitement, joy and extreme performance from the most exotic dog mushing races to a worldwide audience. <br /><br />Learning from the elite – training, nutrition, welfare<br />QRILL PAWS is looking to inspire and influence regular, everyday dog owners — shining a light on the practices of elite dog mushers and the exceptional dog care they provide. The dog mushers will inspire and be a great example for dog owners around the world in regards to training, nutrition, general welfare and guidelines for their own dogs.<br /><br />Showcasing the Sport<br />This sport has everything; interaction between dogs and humans, amazing Arctic settings, the challenges this extreme environment presents, the exotic places with ancient histories and rich cultural tapestries — all combined with the adventures of completing these races, will provide a magnificent product for audiences worldwide. For us, it will be important to show the joy the dogs have while racing down the trail and the competence these dog mushers embody.<br /><br />About the Qrill Pet Arctic World Series<br />QRILL PAWS will highlight the sport of long-distance dog mushing. The aim is to help the sport and the mushing community to grow and to strengthen the separate race organizations, as well as showcase the worldclass dog care that the sport is famous for.<br /><br /><br />QRILL PAWS was established is a non-profit sports series through an initiative by Aker BioMarine. All proceeds go back to the events and as investments in the sport of long distance dog mushing.<br /><br />For more information: www.qrillpaws.com<br /><br />The organiser of the QRILL PAWS is the Norwegian company Aker BioMarine.<br />Aker BioMarine is a biotech innovator and Antarctic krill-harvesting company, dedicated to improving human and planetary health. The company develops krill-based ingredients for nutraceutical, aquaculture, and animal feed applications. The company’s fully transparent value chain stretches from sustainable krill harvesting in pristine Antarctic waters through its Montevideo logistics hub, Houston production plant, and all the way to customers around the world. Aker BioMarine is fully owned by the Norwegian holding company Aker ASA, an industrial pioneer since its establishment in 1841.<br /><br />QRILL Pet is the brand name for Aker BioMarine’s high quality nutrition for pets. Dog owners can take advantage of this ingredient in dog food brands all over the world. Look for the ”Powered by QRILL Pet” logo on the package.<br /><br />akerbiomarine.com<br /><br />Contact persons:<br />Aker BioMarine, owner and organiser:<br />Sigmund Nordal, VP (+47) 99011480<br /><br />QRILL PAWS events:<br />John Beargrease: info@beargrease.com<br />Femundløpet: post@femundlopet.no<br />Volga Quest: volgaquest@mail.ru<br />Iditarod Trail Committee: Rob Urbach, CEO, rob.urbach@iditarod.com{% endraw %}
