---
title: "The Toxic Royal Marriage of George IV and Caroline of Brunswick"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mUHgreHkCb4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mUHgreHkCb4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Tudor","Jacobean","Elizabethan"]
date: "2022-05-14T11:54:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-13T15:00:22Z"
duration: "PT25M18S"
viewcount: "9714"
likeCount: "1452"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Reading the Past"
---
{% raw %}To explore &quot;Mary Anning: The Forgotten Fossil Hunter&quot; and more first-class history content subscribe to History Hit:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://access.historyhit.com/checkout/subscribe/receipt?code=readingthepast&amp;plan=monthly">https://access.historyhit.com/checkout/subscribe/receipt?code=readingthepast&amp;plan=monthly</a> for 50% off for your next three months!<br /><br />History is full of examples of types of marriages to avoid… George and Caroline’s is certainly one of them…<br /><br />I hope you enjoy this video and find it interesting!<br /><br />Please subscribe and click the bell icon to be updated about new videos.<br /><br />Also, if you want to get in touch, please comment down below or find me on social media:<br />Instagram: katrina.marchant<br />Twitter: @kat_marchant<br />Clubhouse: @kat_marchant<br />TikTok: @katrina_marchant<br />Email: readingthepastwithdrkat@gmail.com<br /><br />Intro / Outro song: Silent Partner, &quot;Greenery&quot; [<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeIkbW49B6A]">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeIkbW49B6A]</a><br /><br />SFX from <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://freesfx.co.uk/Default.aspx">https://freesfx.co.uk/Default.aspx</a><br /><br />Linked videos and playlists:<br /><br /><br />Images (from Wikimedia Commons, unless otherwise stated):<br /><br />“How to get Un-married, - Ay, there's the Rub!” by and published by John Lewis Marks (published 1820). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Caroline of Brunswick when Princess of Wales by Gainsborough Dupont (between c.1795 and c.1796). Held by the Royal Collection.<br /><br />Portrait of the Prince of Wales (later George IV) by Sir William Beechey R.A. (c.1798). (c) Royal Academy of Arts. Photographer credit: John Hammond.<br /><br />King George III in coronation robes by Allan Ramsay (c.1765). Held by the Art Gallery of South Australia.<br /><br />Queen Charlotte with her two Eldest Sons by Allan Ramsay (c.1764). Held by the Royal Collection.<br /><br />Screenshot of currency converter from: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/currency-converter/#currency-result">https://www.nationalarchives.gov.uk/currency-converter/#currency-result</a><br /><br />Maria Anne Fitzherbert (née Smythe) by Sir Joshua Reynolds (c.1788). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Portrait of Frances Villiers, Countess of Jersey by Thomas Beach (18th century). Held in an unidentified private collection.<br /><br />Portrait of Princess Charlotte of Wales by Sir Thomas Lawrence (c.1801). Held by the Royal Collection.<br /><br /> (1769–1830) Blue pencil.svg wikidata:Q312096<br />Title <br />Portrait of Caroline of Brunswick by Thomas Lawrence (1798). Held by the Victoria and Albert Museum.<br /><br />Portrait of Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales, heiress presumptive of the British crown by George Dawe (c.1817). Held by the Museum of New Zealand.<br /><br />“The Long and Short of the Tales”, caricature engraving of Queen Caroline and Bartolomeo Pergami by George Cruikshank (1821). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />“The Peterloo Massacre” by Richard Carlile (1819). Held by Manchester Libraries.<br /><br />The Trial of Queen Caroline 1820, by Sir George Hayter (before 1871). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Coronation of George IV in Westminster Abbey. 19 July 1821, after James Stephanoff (1821). Held by the Royal Collection. <br /><br />Princess Caroline of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel by James Lonsdale (c.1820). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Portrait of Elizabeth Conyngham, Marchioness Conyngham by Thomas Lawrence (c.1801-1802). Held by the Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery.<br /><br />Photograph of the exterior or the Royal Pavillion at Brighton, taken by Qmin (2011). <br /><br />“A voluptuary under the horrors of digestion” by James Gilray, published. by H. Humphrey, 1792 July 2nd. Held by the Library of Congress, Prints &amp; Photographs Division.<br /><br />The Banqueting Room at the Royal Pavilion in Brighton from John Nash's Views of the Royal Pavilion (1826), archive of the Brighton Pavilion.<br /><br />George IV in Coronation Robes by Thomas Lawrence (1821). Held by the Royal Collection.<br /><br />Quoted texts:<br /><br />E. A. Smith, ODNB entry on Caroline [Princess Caroline of Brunswick-Wolfenbüttel]<br /><br />Christopher Hibbert, ODNB entry on George IV<br /><br />Judith Schneid Lewis, ODNB entry on Charlotte Augusta, Princess [Princess Charlotte Augusta of Wales]<br /><br />Martin J. Levy, ODNB entry on Fitzherbert [née Smythe; other married name Weld], Maria Anne<br /><br /><br />Also consulted, were:<br /><br />Other relevant entries from The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography Online.<br /><br />#History #Georgian #Regency{% endraw %}
