---
title: "Why The MVP Race Is So Stupid"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Tg0S9wDVO7w\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Tg0S9wDVO7w"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["mvp","nba","embiid"]
date: "2022-04-15T06:35:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-14T22:31:52Z"
duration: "PT8M36S"
viewcount: "15106"
likeCount: "1384"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MJ2KALLDAY"
---
{% raw %}The NBA MVP race is down to Giannis, Embiid, and Jokic, and Booker now I guess, but it’s stupid and dumb and here’s why. #NBA #Jokic #Embiid<br />Twitter- @MJ2KALLDAY<br />Gaming/Streaming-   @MJPLAYSALLDAY     <br /><br />Each one has an argument for them, each one has a narrative, and then there are fans. My god, the fans are ruthless.  <br /><br />Heck even players getting involved. <br /><br />Booker is averaging 27/5/5 on the best team in the league with over 60 wins and over 10 games above the #2 seed, so by precedent of Curry in 2015, Rose in 2011, and others, he’s the best player on the best team so MVP.<br /><br />Jokic is having the best offensive season in NBA history according to PER, averaging 27/14/8 on 58% from the field, leading nearly advanced stat category, the Nuggets to 48 wins without their second or third option, based on the rare precedent that if a supporting cast sucks and a team overachieves due to one player leading multiple categories, like Westbrook in 2017, Moses Malone , and Kareem with a losing record in 76 so MVP<br /><br />Embiid’s case is also built upon the 76ers beating expectations and being a great team despite not having Ben Simmons. Did Maxey step up to near All-Star level? Yes. Is that because of Embiid? Possibly since he gets doubled a lot in the post, but not entirely. He’s putting up great numbers, scoring champion, good leader so MVP.<br /><br />Giannis is leading the Bucks again to another great 50+ season, playing only 33 minutes a game averaging 30, 11.5, and 6 while simultaneously being in the running for defensive player of the year, so peak offense and defensive performance so MVP.<br /><br />**Ah ah ah, before you start going there’s more, yes there is but the race won’t necessarily come down to us**. It’s coming down to him...and him...and him. A panel of people who have their own set of biases. <br /><br />I mean look at these networks. Bay Area, Detroit, New York Daily News, NBC Sports Boston, so there’s no biases? **None of this stuff is fair.** Especially when an MVP award can define an entire player’s legacy. <br /><br />Take for instance that these panelists see less Nuggets games, highlights or stats because of the small number of nationally televised games, this also means there are less reporting assignments meaning less research on Jokic and the Nuggets. This is the familiarity effect, repeated exposure increases familiarity and we tend to have a preference for things we are familiar with. So if they keep watching Giannis over and over again due to more national TV games than the Nuggets which is 27 to 14, they may have more of a preference for Giannis vs Jokic and that could influence the race. In a Twitter space, we called out how the media doesn’t give spots to Jokic, and ridiculous takes like Ja Morant is better than Giannis for the sake of views. Richard Jefferson at least did a little segment for Jokic but in 30 minute NBA segments on ESPN, Jokic might get 30 seconds.<br /><br />Obviously the formula is some balance between the three and precedent. But with the game changing, do precedents matter and if so which ones? Because until we decide an actual criteria, there’s nothing to go off of more than a random combination of stats, context about his season and team, and the game footage that is changing based on bias. To the point that even voter fatigue is an actual concept that has affected actual MVP races, LeBron in 2011 after winning two straight MVPs, Malone over Jordan in 97. Recency bias also plays a factor, the candidate that finished the season out strong closer to voting time gets more votes. We are human. <br /><br />And until we get to that point, arguing back and forth in the MVP race is pointless. We need definite criteria, guidelines that can be followed so there’s consistency. I’d rather us just appreciate what all these players are doing. But that’s my 2 cents. **Oh you wanna know who I think is MVP, I change my mind between Jokic and Giannis**, leaning towards to Giannis cause they are neck and neck offensively, but I like Giannis defensively. **But Jokic is also great, getting 48 wins without his second or 3rd best player, ahhh it’s so difficult so see it’s hard enough as it is. I’m good with any of these two winning.**{% endraw %}
