---
title: "The most deadly project on the Internet"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/FBeSKL9zVro\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "FBeSKL9zVro"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["deadly","project","Internet"]
date: "2022-05-02T00:26:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-01T03:05:29Z"
duration: "PT15M14S"
viewcount: "278142"
likeCount: "15893"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "bigclivedotcom"
---
{% raw %}There's a reason I never make videos featuring MOTs (Microwave Oven Transformers).  The high voltage, and more importantly - high current, means they are as dangerous as playing with overhead lines.<br /><br />This does NOT apply to the spot welder projects where the dangerous high voltage secondary is removed completely and replaced with a few turns of heavy wire for low voltage and high current.<br /><br />Seeing non-technical people playing with open transformers with car jump leads connecting them to wet salty wood outdoors or in a garage is scary, especially when they handle the low-voltage rated cables while the transformer is powered.  Even worse when kids are involved.<br />It's made a lot worse by the number of people that have been discovered in burning garages because the transformer continued to pump out current after they were dead.<br /><br />YouTube seems to be applying filtering to new videos involving associated keywords, but still has a lot of legacy videos, some of which are clearly being removed.<br /><br />TikTok is doing what TikTok does and still pushing out shallow and very dangerous videos that seem to lack all safety information.<br /><br />Here's a link to the page I mentioned.  Be aware that it has a picture of a very badly burned hand:-<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://burncenters.com/patient-stories/marycalhoun2021/">https://burncenters.com/patient-stories/marycalhoun2021/</a><br />I'm really glad Mary survived that.  It was a VERY close call.<br /><br />The American Association of Woodturners is taking a stance against people doing this due to the high number of deaths being reported.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.woodturner.org/Woodturner/Resources/Information-/Safety/Lichtenburg-Burning---Fractal-Burning/Woodturner/Resources/Safety-Materials/Safety-Fractal-Burning-Lichtenburg-Burning.aspx?hkey=02ac1815-a0e5-4673-a646-741574ab3a76">https://www.woodturner.org/Woodturner/Resources/Information-/Safety/Lichtenburg-Burning---Fractal-Burning/Woodturner/Resources/Safety-Materials/Safety-Fractal-Burning-Lichtenburg-Burning.aspx?hkey=02ac1815-a0e5-4673-a646-741574ab3a76</a><br /><br />It is possible to use these transformers for this project safely, but it does require a full understanding that you're dealing with a voltage that is exponentially more dangerous than mains voltage.   The inclusion of a properly made Dead-man's switch which will require both of your hands to press momentary action buttons is a start, but doesn't protect against unexpected poking by other people's inquisitive fingers.<br /><br />If doing this regularly the ideal setup would be a grounded/earthed metal cabinet with a glass window on the top for viewing the process, at least two safety switches operated by the hinged lid, some lighting to watch your creation being formed and also act as an extra warning indicator and an extract fan and duct to take the smoke outside and enhance the viewing experience.<br />The safety switches would also have to be mounted in a way that prevented accidental operation while leaning into the unit.  For actually operating the unit you could then have a hand-held control button, or one mounted on the unit itself.<br /><br />The neon sign transformer approach uses much lower current, and as such the effect requires more understanding and care to achieve, and will be much slower.  But an advantage of the lower current is that a much more detailed result is achieved.  It's unfortunate that the sign transformers are getting harder to find and cost a lot to buy.<br /><br />I'm not saying DON'T do it.  Just do it properly with suitable safety precautions and understand the hazards you're dealing with.<br /><br />If you enjoy these videos you can help support the channel with a dollar for coffee, cookies and random gadgets for disassembly at:-<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.bigclive.com/coffee.htm">http://www.bigclive.com/coffee.htm</a><br />This also keeps the channel independent of YouTube's advertising algorithms allowing it to be a bit more dangerous and naughty.<br /><br /><br />#ElectronicsCreators{% endraw %}
