---
title: "POWERFUL ANGELIC CREATURES THAT EXCEED ANYTHING WE COMPREHEND--  BOTH GOOD & BAD"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qbssC8V4rbk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qbssC8V4rbk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Bible","God","Jesus"]
date: "2022-02-06T16:12:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-16T01:07:38Z"
duration: "PT21M6S"
viewcount: "24125"
likeCount: "1316"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "DTBM"
---
{% raw %}Angels are Supernatural &amp; Super Powerful Creatures<br />We are surrounded at all times by supernatural creatures that dwarf us in every way.<br />They are powerful, mobile, and intelligent: beyond anything we can comprehend.<br />As far as we know the angelic creatures are indestructible, they can’t be killed or destroyed.<br />They travel the universe effortlessly, with no spaceships.<br />They seemingly never rest, or sleep, or even need to eat.<br />Almighty God is the originator, the Creator of angels.<br />Our Creator God spoke and billions of angels appeared from nothing.<br />So the truth that all of us this morning need to hold onto is the power of our God.<br /> <br />Our God is Greater than the Sum of All He Created<br /> <br />First, in your mind add together the vast Universe around us, made up of all forms of matter and energy, much of which we can only faintly comprehend. God made all of that.<br />Then, to that vast and distant Universe, add all of the known forms of physical life you have ever seen, read about, or heard of that live on Earth.<br />Then, to all that astronomical universe that overflows with energy and matter of all forms, and the geophysical world that teems with life, add the spiritual world.<br /> <br />Angels &amp; Demons<br /> <br />There are two types of angels revealed by God: the good angels and the rebel angels. So, it is very clear from the divisions of the angels that God doesn’t tolerate any rebellion at all.<br /> <br />There are many orders of both good and bad angelic creatures. On the good side there are at least five orders of good, or holy, angels:<br /> <br />1. Lucifer The Guardian: there was an anointed/covering cherub (Lucifer’s, lit. “light”, role before he fell to become Satan) in Ezekiel 28 and Isaiah 14;<br />2. The Cherubim: found around God’s Throne and other places (Genesis 4, Ezekiel 1, Revelation);<br />3. The Archangels: (Gabriel and Michael are named);<br />4. The Flames/Seraphim: there are seven angels that seem to always stand like flames of fire around God’s Throne (Rev. 1:4; 4:5; 8:2); they are possibly the Seraphim of Isaiah 6:2, 6, that are “burning” ones.<br />5. The Angels: (by the billions it seems), all through the Scriptures.<br /> <br />Now remember again that these:<br /> <br />Angels Created by God Have Power that Exceeds our Comprehension<br /> <br />The power of the good angels is clear. But when we look at the other, or dark side of the angel spectrum, several orders of bad, or unholy angels begin to test the limits of our minds as we see the scope of their powers.<br /> <br />There are possibly seven orders of evil angels:<br />1. The Angel of Light: as the former Lucifer, now as Satan is called in 2 Cor. 11:14, he is also called the ruler of this world (John 12:31), as the fallen formerly highest and most powerful of all the angels (Genesis 3, Isaiah 14, Ezekiel 28).<br />2. The Destroyer: this is a specific, named angel that is also referred to as the one sent from the Lord that brings death. “The destroyer was the same angel who had slain the firstborn of the Egyptians before Israel left Egypt (Ex. 12:23), who would kill 70,000 men because of David’s census (2 Sam. 24:15–16), and who, in response to the prayer of Isaiah and Hezekiah, would destroy the entire Assyrian army that was besieging Jerusalem (2 Chron. 32:21). ” This is probably the angel we see released again in Revelation 9.<br />3. The Horrible Monsters under The Destroyer—Abaddon: these are the horrific creatures in the Abyss, awaiting their deployment into warfare during the Tribulation. Rev. 9:1-11 contains a chilling description of them.<br />4. The Doomed Angels: these are described as evil angels chained by God, and imprisoned in the place called Tartarus (“prison” 1 Peter 3:19; “Tartarus” in 2 Peter 2:4), awaiting final judgment (also Jude 1:6-7).<br />5. The Nation Princes: these are like the Prince of Persia, and the Prince of Greece that Daniel learned about in Daniel 10:13-20<br />6. The Others: Paul describes what may be various other demonic orders of fallen angels, in Ephesians 6:12 (NKJV), where they are called: “principalities, powers, the rulers of the darkness of this age, spiritual hosts of wickedness in the heavenly places.”<br />7. The Demons: or also called “fallen” angels who seem to be the bulk of the 1/3 of the heavenly hosts who rebelled with Satan (Rev. 12:4). We find demons everywhere: from the lying spirit that got Ahab to go into battle and be killed, to the constant demon pests Christ deals with in the Gospels.<br />Note Just The Power of the Destroyer<br />Join the LAND OF THE BOOK channel to get access to weekly video releases over the next year totaling 50+ EXCLUSIVE VIDEOS that feature weekly in-depth Bible Study lessons with John &amp; Bonnie. Plus all the assigned HOLY LAND STUDY RESOURCES, and John's two most loved books--David's Spiritual Secret &amp; Living Hope for the End of Days at:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVK6dN-9kLDnQhYBFuES09A/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCVK6dN-9kLDnQhYBFuES09A/join</a><br /><br />For more of Dr. John Barnett's Bible teaching messages go to: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://discoverthebook.org/">https://discoverthebook.org/</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/qbssC8V4rbk">https://youtu.be/qbssC8V4rbk</a>{% endraw %}
