---
title: "Musaria Feat. Saturna - Moment (Atjazz Vocal Mix) - [Headset Recordings]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/usjKveyFQWE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "usjKveyFQWE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Musaria Feat. Saturna","Musaria","Saturna"]
date: "2022-03-05T11:36:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-04-15T23:11:12Z"
duration: "PT9M29S"
viewcount: "2174520"
likeCount: "11557"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Headset Recordings"
---
{% raw %}Released on September 7th, 2010<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.beatport.com/release/moment/849647">http://www.beatport.com/release/moment/849647</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.stompy.com/Ep/193947">https://www.stompy.com/Ep/193947</a><br /><br /><br />HDST1208<br />Artist: Musaria feat. Saturna<br />EP Title: Moment<br />Headset Recordings 2010<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Tracklisting:<br />1. Musaria feat. Saturna - Moment<br />2. Musaria feat. Saturna - Moment (Atjazz Vocal Mix)<br />3. Musaria feat. Saturna - Moment (Atjazz Instrumental Mix)<br />4. Musaria feat. Saturna - Moment (Jackson Lee Remix)<br />5. Musaria feat. Saturna - Moment (JACKeens Remix)<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Moment is the type of summer vibe that both creates new memories and is haunting in the past memories that it evokes.  It is indelible and lingering in its impression but it is as allusive as a fading Polaroid. Memphis based Musaria has put his name on recent remixes for Larry Heard, Dubtribe and Corduroy Mavericks. His contribution to house music has been significant for the past twenty years but his latest work is exactly the shot of soul that House Music needs today. Saturna, fellow Memphis House Music alumni, lends vocal duties to Moment. The results reflect the characteristic House Sound of Memphis rolling as deep and as the Mississippi River and as mythical as the ghosts of the delta blues and Memphis R&amp;B. The sound is organic at heart with a musicality and production standards that are sure to reach demographics as diverse as Chicago, Detroit, San Francisco, Germany, Ibiza and beyond. Rich pads spread their warmth outward to crisp rolling percussion as Saturna's vocals entwine with strings both seductive and ephemeral. Move your dance floor physically and emotionally with Moment. <br /> <br />Jackson Lee submits a remix that is immediately surreal and a little more inspired by a fever dream than by summer heat. It is deep and minimal in character but retains the groove infection of the original song. The bassline and kickdrums could be built from the dust found in the crevices of King Tubby's bassbin. A single organ note beckon deeper into the rhythm as the summer vibe of moment turns into a sunset on a primordial beach. Saturna's vocals are mutated into a round syllable of stepping-stones carrying you to a dreamland. The richness of harmony found in Moment is still present in Jackson Lee's remix but the humidity of the Memphis vibe has definitely resulted in hallucinations suitable for a late night sweaty dance floor.  This one is for the heads, it will not disappoint. <br /> <br />The Jackeens carry Moment to the heart of the dance floor with a big room sound that is relentless in its motion.The Jackeens remixes are quickly earning a reputation for all things synonymous with a feel good groove. Saturna's vocals are pushed in a decidedly bass heavy syncopation clicking and popping with the kind of sound that devastates clubs globally. This is the one for peak hour. <br /> <br />Atjazz presents vocal and instrumental remixes of Moment.  He perfectly distills Musaria and Saturna's summer dance floor soundtrack to its simplest form. Kick drums the depth of the night sky, snares are the essence of classic drum machines shakers connect the space between the moon and the tides and a synth pad constructed of a fender Rhodes is the message in a bottle carrying the history of jazz elegance to House Music present. In the year that celebrates the anniversary of Miles Davis' Bitches Brew, Atjazz builds something from the legacy of Miles that is somehow more fitting than anything I have heard or expect to hear this year. Atjazz needs no introduction as his contribution to House Music has infused a jazzy depth to countless record labels and dance floors around the world. He graces Moment with a touch of class that identifies and magnifies everything that is timeless and modern in its structure.{% endraw %}
