---
title: "Ron Suno & Zay Munna - What They Gon Say (Official Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZIuFWEc8GGI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZIuFWEc8GGI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Munna","(Official","Video)"]
date: "2022-01-27T19:56:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-03T17:00:26Z"
duration: "PT2M28S"
viewcount: "2295126"
likeCount: "50867"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ron Suno"
---
{% raw %}Listen to the single &quot;What They Gonsay&quot;. Out now!<br />Stream: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://music.empi.re/8rnxjm8">https://music.empi.re/8rnxjm8</a><br /><br />What They Gon Say Lyrics<br /><br />Ron Suno Verse 1<br />I'm with your bitch and I ran out of condoms. <br />Started fucking in the room no problem <br />Please keep a stick, cause you know that i got one <br />She gave me top straight from the bottom <br /><br />I gotta to hit that split that, she want to bring a friend , i said i'm with that <br />Its too many opps, can't miss that <br />First nigga reach, then i swear he get clipped at <br />With the mac Amiri i be drippin <br />Step in Dior, but i am not Christian <br />And i pray to god i hope he listen <br />I smoke the Za,  got a weed addiction <br /><br />I be cooking heat up in the kitchen. <br />Feel like Betty Crocker on a mission. <br />Nina on me and she and she different <br />I finger fuck her, i love it when i hit it <br /><br />Chorus<br />Bullet go Boom, Bullet go Boom <br />You Can get sent to the Citizen News<br />What they gon say, cause they gettin it too <br />Too many knots when i'm running through <br />I'm off the Za , I smoke the opps.<br />He tried to run, he could get shot. <br /><br />Bullet go Blah, Bullet go, <br />all these bullets gon fuck up the spot<br />Like what they gon say, because i'm a gangsta <br />Hit the sky he get caught like a shape up<br />Niggas be dissin, but go get your cake up <br />Get bands like straight traffic off the wake up <br /><br />Bullet go Boom, we gon aim at his neck <br />Act a fool when i move with this Tech<br />King of The Bronx, niggas know im the best. <br />Speak on the dead niggas, you could be next <br /><br />Ron Suno - Verse 2<br />I feel like Kobe Bryant on the lakers<br />I got you lackin, with the cherry take it <br />Channel 11 bout to make him famous <br />On The news they said he couldn't make it <br />Most these niggas be cappin, they pussy <br />Get tough get ran out your hoodie <br />Oh thats a opp, i can tell cause he looking <br />Get a beat down like we in the booking <br /><br />Chorus<br />Bullet go Boom, we gon aim at his neck <br />Act a fool when i move with this Tech<br />King of The Bronx, niggas know im the best. <br />Speak on the dead niggas, you could be next <br /><br />Bullet go Boom, we gon aim at his neck <br />Act a fool when i move with this Tech<br />King of The Bronx, niggas know im the best. <br />Speak on the dead niggas, you could be next <br /><br />Zay Munna verse 3: <br />I got shooters like it's golden state. <br />Every player get hit in the face <br />Hop out treys got shots on the 8<br />Poppa got 30 so get out the way <br />We get Busy<br />You can shot in the spot of you jiggy<br />Off the migos i really do Henny <br />Slide to the hills, tryna catch me a drilly<br />Shots to the torso, gon fuck up his kidney<br />Thot on body get deady and mixy<br />And she wylin cause Trey get mixy<br />Think im lackin im taking her with me<br />Cah, Cah , Think im lackin im taking her with me<br />2Tech got a beam on the scope <br />He play, i reach, i throw <br />Put the beam on his head, trying to up that scope<br />And you cant name a nigga i follow <br />King of my house got me feeling like Ralo <br />if we fuckin, i bust right inside you<br />I get Nasty. From the back i'm grippin her ass cheeks <br />Im demon just check out my wrap sheet <br />Bitches got bitches, what the fuck is a jackie <br />Oh he lackin, off the 30 i bust off the action <br />Im pop out the car like whats crackin <br />Catch him, scrap him, make sure he cap him<br /><br />Ron Suno<br />I'm with your bitch and I ran out of condoms. <br />Started fucking in the room no problem <br />Please keep a stick, cause you know that i got one <br />She gave me top straight from the bottom <br /><br />I gotta to hit that split that, she want to bring a friend, i said i'm with that <br />Its too many opps, can't miss that <br />First nigga reach, then i swear he get clipped at <br />With the mac Amiri i be drippin <br />Step in Dior, but i am not Christian <br />And i pray to god i hope he listen <br />I smoke the Za,  got a weed addiction <br /><br />#RonSuno #ZayMunna #WhatTheyGonsay<br /><br />Official music video by Ron Suno &amp; Zay Munna - What They Gonsay © 2021 SBL, LLC/ EMPIRE{% endraw %}
