---
title: "Animals That Asked People for Help & Kindness"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1P7tGmTgkOE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1P7tGmTgkOE"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["animals help","animals asking for help","top 10"]
date: "2022-04-01T05:34:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-24T17:23:04Z"
duration: "PT15M18S"
viewcount: "29649"
likeCount: "643"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Viral Monkey"
---
{% raw %}Oh no! This poor dog somehow fell into a tar pit and needs help fast. Tar pits are notoriously difficult to deal with, and this situation calls for some special assistance. An excavator had to be brought in to scoop this mutt out of the pit and bring him to safety. But this is tar we’re talking about. It’s going to take a lot of hands and a lot of baths to fully get rid of all that sticky, gooey tar. But this is a happy ending. This pooch got all the help he needed, and was eventually tar free. Good Dog!<br /><br />Here’s something these fishermen didn’t think they’d catch while out on the water. A Golden Eagle. Lucky for them, they had their fishing gear handy, and were able to scoop this Eagle out of the water and bring it to dry land. Once it was able to catch its breath and dry off, back to the skies it went. Talk about the one that got away, right?<br /><br />This little foal tried to cross this bridge, but instead, got its leg stuck between the planks and can’t get out. You can see that its Momma won’t leave the side of her child in distress, but can’t do much to help. That’s when a passing motorist comes to the rescue. With a hefty lift, the foal is freed, and Momma and baby are off together once again. I best she gave her foal an earful about staying off that bridge in the future.<br /> <br />Here’s an unlucky fox that got themselves snared, and needs a little human intervention to get free. Today’s your lucky day little fox. With some careful manipulation of the wire, the fox is freed and scampers back to the forest.<br /><br />This bumbling Bullwinkle somehow fell into this pool of water and couldn't get out. Even this deep in the forest, the wildlife authorities came to this Moose’s aid. No need to worry people. The Moose is loose.<br /><br />Here’s another horse that managed to find himself in a sticky situation. This time, getting stuck in a mudhole. It looks like he’s been there for a while, and he looks exhausted from struggling to get free. Some rope and some teamwork look to be all this horse needs to get out and back to the farm.<br /><br />Pandas, by their very nature, come across a little goofy. This panda slipped and fell into the trench that separates the living area from the visitors at the zoo and can’t seem to get out. Lucky for him, one of the zookeepers literally lends a helping hand and pulls him to safety. I wonder if that goofy bear thought he was being helped by one of his fellow pandas because of that hat the zookeeper’s wearing.<br /><br />Animal services came across this massively skinny and abused dog, and took action. After leashing him, and getting him in the transport vehicle, the dog’s owner came out to see what was going on. The Animal Service Officers felt that releasing the dog back into the custody of the owner would not be in the best interests of the dog, and asked the police to intervene. Sadly, the dog was too sick to be rehabilitated, but was able to spend his remaining days receiving the best care and all the love he was missing.<br /><br />Here’s a kind hearted soul who was just driving along one day, and happened to notice a stray dog running loose without a collar. Naturally, this dog lover wanted to help, and tracked the pooch for an hour after finally catching her. She had no identifying microchip, and her owner couldn’t be found after an exhaustive search. After bringing her home temporarily to their dog family, this lucky girl made herself at home, became part of the family, and moved in permanently. I love stories like this with a happy ending.<br /><br />Here we see a couple of guys out rafting on the river having a good time when they happened upon a stranded baby raccoon after hearing its cries for help. These dudes didn’t hesitate to put their adventure on pause to lend a helping hand to one of God’s creatures in need.<br /><br />Even the smallest among us need a helping hand once in a while. This gentle butterfly somehow got stuck in a small pool of water. Luckily this nice lady was there to pluck this little fella out and take it to safety.<br /><br />Hey Kitty, Kitty. You look hungry. No worries my furry friend. You found a nice human willing to take the time to share some food with you. I’m pretty sure this cat will be back for more.<br /><br />Somehow, this horse managed to find himself stuck in a hole in the ground. Big problems call for big solutions. So the entire village showed up and worked together to free their trapped friend. With a little help from a crane, this guy will be running free in no time.<br /><br />Oftentimes, when disaster strikes, it brings out the best in people. In the case of this flood, this unfortunate hedgehog got himself stranded on a floating piece of wood. A passerby noticed him, and didn’t hesitate to lend a helping hand.<br /><br />#kindness #animalrescue #animalsaskedforhelp{% endraw %}
