---
title: "Top 10 Most DISGUSTING Medieval Hygiene Practices"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BbF_xIvxCDE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BbF_xIvxCDE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["disgusting medieval hygiene practices you won't believe existed","top 10 most disgusting medieval hygiene practices","gross hygiene practices"]
date: "2022-02-01T12:17:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-05-01T12:00:01Z"
duration: "PT13M44S"
viewcount: "61512"
likeCount: "795"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Zero2Hero"
---
{% raw %}Top 10 Most DISGUSTING Medieval Hygiene Practices!!! From group baths to the many uses of urine…stay tuned to number 1 to find out the most insane makeup ingredients!<br /><br />This top 10 brought to you by Zero2Hero!!<br /><br />Don't forget to subscribe here! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/NXuChu">https://goo.gl/NXuChu</a><br /><br />Click here to see these Viral Stars that became famous for Stupid Reasons!!! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/-f8pRLWYIbY">https://youtu.be/-f8pRLWYIbY</a><br /><br />Number 10: Medieval Bathing.<br />Medieval cleanliness was quite different from what we know it as today, and stories of people bathing vary from anything like once a week to once a year. Luckily washing hands and face was pretty regular, but, full body bathing was much less common, as in once every few days. Which, I guess doesn’t sound so bad…until you consider a few things about the time.<br />For example, only the rich could afford to have fires made under their baths to warm up the water. So, this means that in the winter…bathing was highly uncommon in households that could not afford to heat their water and, as such, bathing was often put on hold for the entire winter period. Then once a poorer household DID decide to bathe, it was a real family occasion, as in…the family would invite some other members of the extended family, such as aunts and uncles, to come around and bath with them. This may sound nice until you realize that the entire family would bathe in sequence, but sharing the same water. Oh…and the man of the household would be the first to enjoy the clean water, followed by his sons and the other men of the family. Lastly, the women would have their beth once everybody else was done. <br />Number 9: Toilet Paper.<br />Toilet paper is something we take for granted every day and you may not think, or want to think, of what was actually used before its invention. There is also no easy way to put this, but, most of the time they would have to wipe with either leaves, hopefully fresh and soft leaves and not old crispy ones, or their very…own…hands. Of course people would preferably use leaves over body parts but we have all had those days were we get caught without any of the soft paper savior and, although we hopefully always have a back up roll nearby, that was not the case in the old days, which is where their hand would come in.  In fact, in some cultures, even to this day, people won’t shake hands with their left hand, which originates from people using their non-dominant hand to do the deed. This, of course, causes it to be seen as “dirty” and an insult to shake with it. <br />As far as left-handed people are concerned, maybe they would shake with their right anyway, and it would just be an inside joke to them, knowing where it has been.<br />Number 8: Utensils.<br />This doesn’t sound like such a bad thing at first glance, and there are cultures that, even today, still eat with their hands. The difference, of course, is that the modern cultures abide by the general hygiene rules of modern society. Hands are washed before and after eating so whatever dirt is clinging to your hands is removed before eating and leftover food particles are washed or wiped off afterwards.<br />So it is at this point that we will remind you that personal hygiene was not the same several hundred years ago. We will also remind you that while their face and hands were washed more regularly than their bodies, it could still be several days between washes and they would eat probably 1 or 2 meals a day which wouldn’t just be bread but would also include turkey legs, slabs of meat, and stews.<br />Also, leaving you with one final note, I’ll remind you what they just used for bathroom etiquette... <br />7. The Groom of the Stool<br />Wait…the what of the what? Well, if you were a teenage boy born to servant parents a few hundred years ago, your future would probably seem pretty bleak. You would probably expect to be a servant boy, tending to the royalties every need for the rest of your life. That is… unless you were chosen to be the groom of the stool. This strangely named job was one of the most coveted opportunities among servant children everywhere, and any who were selected were the envy of all the other boys.<br />This must sound great until you realize exactly what this job entailed. delicately put, you would carry around the king’s portable and padded box that he used for his bathroom breaks and, when he was finished doing his thing, you would be responsible for wiping him clean. Not with leaves or your hand, at least, but with rags that you would carry around with you.<br />So far it doesn’t sound like a great job, or too hygienic for that matter, but the groom of the stool boy would often become one of the kings most trusted people and would often be consulted on matters of the kingdom until eventually he would be promoted to a more prominent place in the castle. In fact, most of the time they would eventually be knighted and married of to wealthy families in other kingdoms. So you know, silver lining.{% endraw %}
