---
title: "Create a Capsule Wardrobe Like a Stylist: 80 Outfit Ideas"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_0QQCW-nY-4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_0QQCW-nY-4"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Stylist","Capsule wardrobe","Personal styling consultation"]
date: "2022-02-07T06:45:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-06T17:23:15Z"
duration: "PT13M37S"
viewcount: "2351"
likeCount: "290"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Daria Andronescu"
---
{% raw %}Here are the 6 steps I use as a stylist to create a capsule wardrobe for my clients: <br /><br />Step 1: Lifestyle Analysis<br />Step 2: Wardrobe Revision<br />Step 3: Create Your Color Palette.<br />Step 4: Body Shape Analysis<br />Step 5: Personal Style Analysis<br />Step 6: Selection and Shopping Plan<br /><br />This video goes into detail into each of these steps so you can create a capsule wardrobe that fits your own lifestyle.<br /><br />As this capsule was commissioned by Courtney L. Sanders, no brand names or shopping lists will be made public. <br /><br />You can get more outfit ideas for your own fashion needs by seeing this capsule in detail here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://wonder-wardrobe.com/blog/create-a-capsule-wardrobe-like-a-stylist-80-outfit-ideas">https://wonder-wardrobe.com/blog/create-a-capsule-wardrobe-like-a-stylist-80-outfit-ideas</a> <br /><br />★ PRO FASHION MATCHING METHODS FOR THE MODERN WOMAN: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://wonder-wardrobe.com/wonder-wardrobe">http://wonder-wardrobe.com/wonder-wardrobe</a><br /><br />★ Ethical Shopping Guides: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://wonder-wardrobe.com/best-ethical-brands/">https://wonder-wardrobe.com/best-ethical-brands/</a><br /><br />★ Get a WoW Color Palette to perfectly match your outfits: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://wonder-wardrobe.com/color-palettes-matching-outfits">https://wonder-wardrobe.com/color-palettes-matching-outfits</a><br /><br />★ Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://instagram.com/dariaandronescu">http://instagram.com/dariaandronescu</a><br /><br />★ Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://facebook.com/wonderwardrobecom">http://facebook.com/wonderwardrobecom</a><br /><br />★ Styling ideas in your email, weekly: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://wonder-wardrobe.com/subscribe">https://wonder-wardrobe.com/subscribe</a><br /><br />Thank you for watching!<br /><br />I always tell you that our capsules are as complex and beautiful as our lifestyles, and today I’m going to prove it to you with a real life example. Courtney is one of my clients and she is the perfect example of how a versatile wardrobe can give you beautiful outfits for all occasions.<br /><br />Courtney is a magnetic personality with a lot of energy, a business to lead and children to run after. She might not fit your classical lifestyle type, but that’s not the point.<br /><br />I’ve spoken to her at length about the capsule she’s currently wearing so I’d like to show you how you can follow the same stylistic advice to create a capsule wardrobe that fits your own lifestyle.<br /><br />All of the stylistic principles applied here such as body harmony, color harmony and personal style harmony can be easily learned by taking the wonder wardrobe course. <br /><br />If you’re struggling with time, geeking out with me in the classroom might not be your thing. If that’s the case, just do what Courtney did, and write me an email so we can set up a personal consultation.<br /><br />You can see Courtney’s coaching business and all her entrepreneurial endeavors on instagram at courtneylsanders. As a public figure and speaker she obviously needed outfits that help her shine no matter what business occasion she finds herself in.<br /><br />Meetings with clients and collaborators are a weekly activity for her, so she needed the majority of outfits to make her feel empowered, confident and look approachable.<br /><br />As she’s very active on Youtube and social media, different outfits were needed for that as well. Looking bold and sophisticated on camera is part of anyone’s personal branding, and I will show you how those outfits look like in a second.<br /><br />Her work continues behind the camera, and just like the rest of us she needed work from home outfits as well.<br /><br />The first step of creating her wardrobe was to list all her activities to understand what kind and how many outfits she needed. You can also quickly find out how many outfits you need by making a list of all the activities you’ll be involved in the next 3 months. I show how do that in detail in the Wonder Wardrobe course.<br /><br />As you can see, we’ve decided to divide her wardrobe into 2 and create one capsule for business occasions and another capsule for working from home and leisure time. <br /><br />The color palette for her Business wardrobe was inspired by a painting by Emilio Pettoruti that I saw in the modern art museum here in Lisbon. When I saw it I thought that it has that magnetic energy, powerful combinations of colours, and interesting textures. <br /><br />The only thing was that this Dark violet is a bit too dark and won’t fit Courtney that well. It’s just too serious for her. So I added a few colours that in my professional opinion will make her shine and express her personality much better. The final palette for Courtney’s Winter Color Type looks like this.<br /><br />For neutral colours I chose light gray, navy and black. For main colours I have lavender, light emerald green, imperial blue, light turquoise and raspberry. For the accent colour I added this beautiful shade of pink.<br /><br />The final version of her business capsule wardrobe includes 1 dress, 4 tops, 4 bottoms, 1 suit, 2 bags and 2 pairs of shoes. When I mix all these items together, Courtney gets at least 25 fully interchangeable outfits.{% endraw %}
