---
title: "Lauren Boebert Informed By FEC That She's Breaking The Law"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5v_cSjo7M5Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5v_cSjo7M5Y"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Farron Cousins","News","Politics"]
date: "2022-05-10T16:41:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-10T13:00:05Z"
duration: "PT5M53S"
viewcount: "8693"
likeCount: "1140"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Farron Balanced"
---
{% raw %}The Federal Elections Commission (FEC) has sent Lauren Boebert a letter to inform her that her campaign has accepted roughly $30,000 in illegal donations. Specifically, she received $30,000 in donations that were OVER the legal limit. There was a time when a scandal like this would not only end someone's career, but would also put them behind bars. But today, it is barely a blip on the media radar. Farron Cousins discusses this.<br /><br />Link - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.rawstory.com/lauren-boebert-2657281714/">https://www.rawstory.com/lauren-boebert-2657281714/</a><br /><br />Don't forget to like, comment, and share! And subscribe to stay connected!<br /><br />Connect with Farron on Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/farronbalanced">https://twitter.com/farronbalanced</a><br /><br />*This transcript was auto-generated. Please excuse any typos.<br /><br />Late last week, Republican representative Lauren Boebert received a letter from the federal elections commission, the F E C, letting her know that she has apparently, or at least her campaign has been breaking the law. Specifically. The FEC says that you have taken in nearly 20 donations. Well over the legal limit, totalling $30,000. So you illegally have taken $30,000 from donors of whom donated more than $2,900, which of course again, legal limit. So as per usual, Lauren Boebert has found herself once again, facing questions about what the hell is going on with your campaign finances. And let's not forget by the way that last we checked. And I haven't seen anything. I've been looking to see if there's been any resolution to the previous investigation, into her use of campaign funds, but so far no resolution to that either. Uh, because remember she billed her campaign for reimbursement of $22,000 in mileage alone, which of course means that she would've driven the circumference of the earth one and a half times while campaigning in her district. <br /><br />So that's, that's a lot of miles now, maybe she did drive all that. Maybe she didn't. Her district is of course, about 7,000 miles, 49,000 square miles. So yeah, there's a lot of miles there, but did you really drive each and every one of them? I don't know. I've got my doubts, but either way you still have to answer for the illegal campaign contributions that you took in. Here's what gets me about this story? One of course, the fact that nobody seems to care second is I've been doing this long enough to where I remember back in the day where people actually went to jail for accepting campaign donations over the legal limit, right? Working with ring of fire. Back in the early days, we did a ton of stories on that. We did stories on the people who donated over the legal limit and went to jail for it. <br /><br />Hell, we've known people that went to jail for this cuz they raised a bunch of money, uh, you know, violated campaign laws cuz they raised, you know, more than they were legally allowed to give. And they went to jail. People go to jail or at least used to go to prison for this kind of thing that she is now, the FEC is not even saying, by the way we think you did this, the FEC is telling her you did this. Like there, there, there is no, Hey we think you need to take a look. The FEC says you did this and, and we see that you did this. There is no question about it. You broke campaign finance laws. Cool. <br /><br />Where's the handcuffs. That's my question. Where are they? You, you still struggling to get 'em outta your little belt there. She broke the law. And again, back in the day, 12, 15 years ago, people went to jail for this crap. Of course that was pre citizens, United pre McCutchin. So I guess things have changed. I guess, campaign finance laws no longer matter. So if that's gonna be the case, why even have the limits, you know, you don't get to just claim oopsy, daisies and give the money back and oh, I won't do it again. That's like committing another crime. Say you go in and Rob the bank and then you get busted and you're like, all right, I'll give the money back now. Now I don't have to be in trouble. I gave them the money back. Everything's cool. Everything's fine. No, you still did the thing that's against the law. <br /><br />That's what drives me insane about this story. And of course so many other things with Laura and Bobert when are we gonna get a resolution to the other investigation? When are we gonna get a real investigation into this? How about we look at the fact that two weeks before she, uh, uh, what was it, um, uh, where is it? Less than two weeks before being elected, Bobert paid off nearly $20,000 in state tax lie on her restaurant. Now, where did that money come from? Where did Lauren Bobert suddenly get 20 grand while running for office and taking donations from people where'd she get 20 grand to pay off the liens the state had put against her restaurant cuz they couldn't pay their bills. That's the thing I didn't even know that had happened by the way. Where's that investigation? Huh? What about the fact she didn't uh, disclose her husband's money.{% endraw %}
