---
title: "Stock Market CRASH: AAPL & the FAANG Gang are Warning QQQ & SPY are at Risk of Resuming the CRASH"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/T9u30u4GkDs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "T9u30u4GkDs"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["stock market crash","stock market crash 2021","stock market bubble"]
date: "2022-02-12T17:47:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-12T00:23:58Z"
duration: "PT34M27S"
viewcount: "5551"
likeCount: "482"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ron Walker"
---
{% raw %}What the FAANG stocks are warning about the stock market. AMZN, NFLX, GOOG, FB, AAPL<br /><br /><br />investing, money, stocks---------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />The FED rattled the stock market recently with a triple threat of policy tightening. This video looks at how that will impact the stock market. Inflation and yields are rising, as tech stocks crash. The S&amp;P 500 and Nasdaq 100 are reversing off the upper boundaries of their weekly channels. They are turn down after tagging the upper trendlines of those channels. The rally back up to the upper channel lines has been on very light volume. The S&amp;P 500 is advancing on declining volume, so its recent breakout to new all time highs isn't very convincing. SPY, QQQ, DIA, money, investing, personal finance.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />I have the comments off due to all the SPAMMERS  and SCAMMERS. It would take me hours a day to remove all the junk they put on videos. Because my videos are popular they target them to post their spam and scams. I just don't have the time each day to clean that all up, so I shut off the comments. I'd rather take the time and focus making good content for my viewers. So thank you for your understanding.<br /><br />-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />This stock market crash update looks at the risks of a possible bear market. Examines things that could create volatility. The market is climbing a wall of worry, here are some issues,  1) geopolitical issues 2) the bond market, 3)  Inflation and 4) the virus 5) Fed taper, 6) peak earnings, 7) the variant 8) peak earnings. This video looks at the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) , SP 500 SPX (SPY), Nasdaq 100 NDX (QQQ). inflation, inflation 10 year treasury, inflation bond market, inflation fed, inflation stock market, bond market stock market, TNX, TLT, yields, bond yields, nasdaq yields, stock market crash, stock market crash 2021,stock market bubble,sp500 crash, economic collapse, economic collapse 2021,qqq,spy,spy price prediction, qqq price prediction, Nasdaq 100,spx,dow jones,VIX,sp500 technical analysis, qqq technical analysis, dow theory sell signal ,sp500 news, qqq news, yields, inflation stock market, bear market ,stock market correction, technical analysis, investing for beginners, investing, trading, swing trading, stock market crash, economic collapse, economic depression, economic recession <br /><br /><br />Disclaimer:<br />The content of all videos produced by this channel are for educational purposes only. All ideas, opinions and/or forecasts are for informational purposes only and should not be construed as a recommendation to invest, trade, and/or speculate in the stock market. Any investments made in light of these ideas, opinions, and/or forecasts, expressed or implied herein, are committed at your own risk. I am not an investment advisor, videos are for educational purposes only and not a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, ETF or futures contract at any time. This channel and its publishers are not liable for any investment decisions made by its viewers or subscribers, all videos are for educational purposes only. The author of this video does express certain opinions in the contents of this video, but will not assume any responsibility for the actions of any viewer who acts on this educational information. The author of this video may or may not hold positions in the financial instruments discussed in this video.Trading involves a high level of risk. Future results can be dramatically different from the opinions expressed herein. Past performance does not guarantee future performance. Consult an investment professional before investing. #spy #qqq #stockmarketcrash{% endraw %}
