---
title: "Stop Worrying & Be Positive - Binaural Beats & Isochronic Tones (With Subliminal Messages)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Nq4y6J4KKuE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Nq4y6J4KKuE"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["worry","stress","anxiety"]
date: "2022-03-17T11:20:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-11T15:56:41Z"
duration: "PT9H35M26S"
viewcount: "271077"
likeCount: "4449"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Minds in Unison"
---
{% raw %}Disclaimer: This recording should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. Click 'show more' below to read the full disclaimer. This MP3 is now available to DOWNLOAD 🎵 *** <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads">https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads</a> ***🎵 Click to DOWNLOAD the MP3.<br /><br />Full disclaimer: This recording along with any other recordings on this channel should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. You should always refer to a doctor when necessary. Do not listen while driving or operating machinery, only listen in a place where you can relax and let go. If you need any help or advice, please contact me via my website at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me">https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me</a><br /><br />This recording uses both Binaural Beats and Isochronic Tones.<br /><br />This recording starts at a frequency of 2.75 hz (Delta) and slowly decreases over the course of 45 minutes, down to a frequency of 2.00 hz (Delta) for the remainder of the recording. This recording also contains subliminal messages. You will find the list of subliminal messages below.<br /><br />FAQ's<br /><br />Q. Are headphones required?<br /><br />A. Isochronic Tones and Subliminal Messages can be absorbed with or without headphones, so users can listen without headphones if they wish. However, headphones are recommended in order to benefit from the Binaural Beats.<br /><br />Q. Do I listen while sleeping or awake?<br /><br />A. You can listen to this recording whilst asleep or awake, both methods are equally as effective.<br /><br />Q. How do subliminal messages work?<br /><br />A. Compared to regular audio, the subliminal affirmation messages are recorded at many different frequencies and volumes, therefore you will be unable to hear the messages consciously. Because you are unable to hear the messages consciously, they bypass the part of your mind that analyses information, thus enabling the messages to go directly to your subconscious mind, allowing them to be absorbed as a factual new reality.<br /><br />Q. How long until I get results?<br /><br />A. It varies. Some people will only have to listen for a matter of minutes to notice an improvement, whereas others will need to listen for several hours over the course of a few days.<br /><br />Q. At what volume should I play the recording?<br /><br />A. At whatever volume you find most comfortable; but a low to medium volume would be optimal.<br /><br />Q. What should I do if I have more questions?<br /><br />A. You can either leave a comment below and I will do my best to reply, or you can message me via my website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.thomashallhypnosis.com/contact-me">https://www.thomashallhypnosis.com/contact-me</a><br /><br /><br />Here is a list of all the subliminal affirmations/messages in this recording.<br /><br />I feel so happy right now<br /> <br />I feel so peaceful right now<br /> <br />I always focus on the positive things in my life<br /> <br />I am a calm person<br /> <br />I have an amazing ability to focus on happy thoughts<br /> <br />I am always calm and happy<br /> <br />I am always happy and relaxed<br /> <br />I feel positive energy flowing throughout my whole body<br /> <br />I deserve to be happy<br /> <br />I am happy<br /> <br />Happy thoughts are flowing through my mind<br /> <br />I feel so good<br /> <br />Every day that goes by, I become even happier<br /> <br />I am protected, I am safe<br /> <br />I always have positive thoughts<br /> <br />In this moment right now, I feel amazing<br /> <br />In this moment right now, I am free<br /> <br />I enjoy every day of my life<br /> <br />I am a strong-minded person<br /> <br />I am a calm and relaxed person<br /> <br />My mind is relaxed and full of positivity<br /> <br />I feel amazing right now<br /> <br />I am a happy person<br /> <br />I feel a wave of relaxation wash over me<br /> <br />I feel so comfortable right now<br /> <br />Life is wonderful<br /> <br />I am so relaxed and peaceful<br /> <br />I feel good about myself<br /> <br />I am always so positive<br /> <br />I am a calm, confident and relaxed person that loves life<br /> <br />I feel so good about everything<br /> <br />I am in control of my life<br /> <br />I am so thankful to be alive<br /> <br />I choose to be happy and free<br /> <br />I become even more relaxed every day<br /> <br />I am free<br /> <br />I feel great<br /> <br />All my muscles are rested, and I am relaxed<br /> <br />My mind is clear and I feel so content<br /> <br />I focus on happy thoughts<br /> <br />I have such a lot to look forward to<br /> <br />I am in total control of my emotions<br /> <br />I feel amazing<br /> <br />My mind is filled with positive energy<br /> <br />I am able to relax and let things go<br /> <br />I focus my attention on happy thoughts<br /> <br />I feel safe and protected<br /> <br />Staying calm and relaxed is improving the quality of my life<br /> <br />I focus on all the great things in my life<br /> <br />Every part of my body is relaxed<br /> <br />I am so peaceful and calm<br /> <br />I have full belief in myself and my abilities<br /> <br />I am happier and more carefree every day<br /> <br />I always feel good<br /> <br />I feel so happy, and I’m ready for anything<br /> <br />I feel comfortable and relaxed<br /> <br />I am excited about my future<br /> <br />I feel incredible<br /> <br />I feel safe and protected<br /> <br />I am safe and protected<br /><br />(((((All of the above are repeated throughout the recording)))))<br /><br />Subliminal messages, Binaural Beats, and Isochronic Tones by Thomas Hall. thomashallhypnosis.com River sounds from pond5.com<br /><br />Royalty free music from Chris Collins, indiemusicbox.com<br />Everything is protected by copyright.{% endraw %}
