---
title: "5th Dimension Explained - 5th Dimension - 5 Dimension - Fifth Dimension - The 5th Dimension"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/tBuaAtaDDl8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "tBuaAtaDDl8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["5th dimension explained","5th dimension","fifth dimension"]
date: "2022-05-17T04:29:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-03T11:30:05Z"
duration: "PT14M19S"
viewcount: "953858"
likeCount: "21938"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Engineering Made Easy"
---
{% raw %}In this video, you will understand- What we mean by a 5 dimensional space and How we can visualize the 5 dimensional space geometrically. The video also answers, Why the researchers think that there must be a 5th dimension and why they needed the 5th dimension. After watching the video you will know, why the fifth dimension cannot be observed directly by humans. And most importantly, What is the scientific evidence for the existence of the fifth dimension?<br />You will also get familiar with the supernatural powers that a person living in the fifth dimension would have and What are the limitations of the fifth dimensional world that are not present in the dimensions higher than the 5th dimension. <br /><br />What we mean by a 5 dimensional space.<br />A five dimensional space is a space having five dimensions. Actually Dimension of a point is defined as the minimum number of coordinates that are needed to specify that point in it.  So to represent a 5 dimensional object we need 5 coordinates.<br /> <br />How we can represent a 5 dimensional space geometrically.<br />On the Screen you are seeing a single dot. This is the geometrical representation of the zeroth dimension. 0th dimension does not have any length, width or height.<br />To get the next higher dimension all we need to do is to double the number of points.<br />Therefore by doubling the number of points we have now two points. And this is the geometrical representation of the first dimension. <br />Now again double the number of points to get to the next higher dimension i.e. the second dimension. Therefore In the second dimension we have four points and by joining these 4 points, we get a plane surface which is a two dimensional object. <br />Now on doubling the number of points again we enter into the next higher dimension i.e. the 3rd dimension. Here we have 8 points. <br />To go to the Fourth dimension double the number of points once again. This time we have 16 points. As you can see here, this 4 dimensional structure is created by joining the respective points of two, 3D structures.<br />Now if we double the number of points, that are present in the four dimensional structure, we get a structure of next higher dimension i.e. the 5th dimension. You can count that this five dimensional structure has 32 points. On joining these points as indicated in the video we get a 5 dimensional structure.<br /><br />Why the researchers believe in the presence of the fifth dimension and why they needed the 5th dimension.<br />Actually researchers wanted to develop a theory that unifies the four fundamental forces in nature which are electromagnetism, gravity, strong and weak nuclear forces. For this they needed a five dimensional space.<br />In 1921, A German mathematician Theodor Kaluza and Swedish physicist Oskar Klein independently developed a theory known as the Kaluza-Klein theory. The Kaluza-Klein theory used the 5th dimension for unifying two fundamental forces in nature; gravity and electromagnetic force. But later it was found that their approaches were partially inaccurate.<br /><br />Why the fifth dimension cannot be observed directly by humans.<br />Klein suggested that the fifth dimension would be rolled up into a tiny and compact loop and this loop is on the order of 10(-33cm). <br />Although the gravity and electromagnetic forces seem unrelated but introduction of the fifth dimension can help in finding connection between these forces.<br />Actually according to the superstring theory, everything in this universe is made up of tiny vibrating loops, known as strings which vibrate in 11 dimensions. Therefore it made the scientists believe that there are at least 11 dimensions in the universe. Hence Kaluza-Klein theory suggesting 5 dimensions of space was supported by the superstring theory.<br /><br />Now I will discuss, what is the scientific evidence for the existence of the fifth dimension?<br />Although We cannot directly observe the fifth dimension but it is possible to record indirect evidence of existence of the 5th dimension. It has been made possible by the Large Hadron Collider (LHC). When the subatomic particles collide in the Large Hadron Collider, new particles are produced including graviton. It was found that the graviton escapes from the fourth dimension and leaks off  into a 5 dimensional bulk.<br /><br />Next we will see the supernatural powers that a person living in the fifth dimension would possess.<br />A being of 5 dimensions would be able to control time as per his wish and be present at different locations simultaneously. The 5th Dimensional being would be able to choose different career paths or job at the same time.<br /><br />Now we will discuss the limitations of the fifth dimensional world<br />One major limitation of this dimension is- there are no shortcuts between the timelines. You cannot jump directly from a point on one timeline to another point on other timeline.<br /><br />All 11 dimensions explained (Advanced)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/UxubeeSqSmk">https://youtu.be/UxubeeSqSmk</a>{% endraw %}
