---
title: "Badam Gul Geedar Ki Tarha Ghass Mein Chupa - Sang-e-Mah - HUM TV"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/DNRetwGoH3I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "DNRetwGoH3I"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["sang e mah","atif aslam new drama","atif aslam drama"]
date: "2022-05-09T20:48:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-09T16:15:00Z"
duration: "PT1M42S"
viewcount: "2436"
likeCount: "35"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "HUM TV"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe To HUM TV’s YouTube Channel! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/Humtvpk">https://bit.ly/Humtvpk</a><br /><br />Badam Gul Geedar Ki Tarha Ghass Mein Chupa - Sang-e-Mah - HUM TV<br /><br />Sang-e-Mah EP 18 [Eng Sub] 08 May 22 - Presented by Dawlance &amp; Itel Mobile, Powered By Master Paints<br /><br />Presented By Dawlance DawlanceReliableHai &amp; Itel Mobile EnjoyBetterLife <br />Powered By Master Paints MasterPaints<br /><br />The second part of a trilogy who’s first part is one of the most splendidly articulated, absorbing and riveting dramas, Pakistan’s history has ever seen – Sang E Mar Mar, HUM TV brings to you Sang E Mah. <br /><br />In the words of the gifted writer of Aseerzadi, Ehd E Wafa and Sang E Mar Mar, Mustafa Afridi, directed by the brilliant Saife Hassan who’s work Bari Aapa,  Ehd E Wafa and Ru Baru speak volumes of just how accomplished he is as a director and produced by none other than the finest in Pakistan, Momina Duraid. <br /> <br />‘Gagh’ a Pashto word that translates to ailan or proclamation, even though illegal is an ongoing kabayali pathan rasm through which marriage is enforced by firing at a girl’s home. <br />Sang E Mah revolves around the concept of gagh and encompasses the enactment of law to combat this tradition. <br />Along with highlighting gagh, the tale of Sang E Mah comprises of a transcendent tale of love, and retribution between a father and son. <br />There are three similarities between Sang E Mar Mar and Sang E Mah, some of the far famed cast members such as Nauman Ejaz and Sania Saeed graced both parts with their incomparable acting, both dramas are based on kabayali pathan tradition and both meticulously encompass the undeniable subjugation and oppression of women in rural areas.<br /><br />The Cast <br />Other than the powerful and compelling story of Sang E Mah,  prodigious director, splendid writer and  profound production, what makes Sang E Mah a drama unlike any other is its highly skilled and exceptional cast. The drama features Nauman Ijaz, Samiya Mumtaz, Sania Saeed, Omair Rana, Hania Aamir, Kubra Khan, Zaviyar Ejaz, Hasan Noman, Najiba Faiz and for the first time ever the legendary Atif Aslam. <br /><br /><br />Conclusion <br />Sang E Mah exhibits diversity unlike any other Pakistani drama before. Different cultures, sects and religions are all part of this dynamic drama serial.<br /><br />Writer: Mustafa Afridi <br />Director: Saife Hassan <br />Producer: Momina Duraid <br /><br />CAST :<br /><br />Atif Aslam<br />Nauman Ijaz<br />Samiya Mumtaz<br />Sania Saeed<br />Omair Rana<br />Hania Aamir<br />Kubra Khan<br />Zaviyar Ejaz<br />Hasan Noman<br />Najiba Faiz<br /><br />#SangeMahEP18<br />#HUMTV<br />#HumDRAMA{% endraw %}
