---
title: "This Quiz Improve Your IQ Level : FIND REAL KYLIAN MBAPPE ? Football Quiz  Challenge 1-9 Level 1,2,3"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4bIRsLOGZYo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4bIRsLOGZYo"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["football quiz","quiz football","quiz"]
date: "2022-02-11T20:11:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-11T13:31:26Z"
duration: "PT6M14S"
viewcount: "4810"
likeCount: "62"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "POPULAR"
---
{% raw %}This Quiz Improve Your Focus And IQ Level <br />find odd one out<br />find and spot<br />spot the difference<br />find kylian mbappe<br />IQ Quiz<br /><br /> He is the second teenager in history to score in a World Cup final. <br /> At 19 years old, Mbappé  was the first teenager to score in a World Cup final in decades. The last and only other teenager to do so was Brazilian legend Pelé, who scored at a World Cup final that his country went on to win  5-2 over Sweden in 1958. Mbappé, of course, scored in France’s 4-2 victory over Croatia this year. Pelé even tweeted congrats to the French star, writing “Only the second teenager to have scored a goal in a #WorldCupFinal! Welcome to the club, @KMbappe <br /><br />2. The soccer star loves sneakers <br />Mbappé has described himself as a “kid with a new toy” when he gets a pair of sneakers. His first pair were the Nike Air Maxes. Although he meticulously cleaned them, they would get dirty when he went out on the field to play football. Growing up, so he says in an interview with Hypebeast in March, he would cry to his mother in an attempt to get the shoes he had his eye on. Brand sneakers were pricey, so he often had to beg his mom for the make and model he wanted.<br /><br />Nike Vapors were the first football boots he wore. They were so coveted, he said, some teammates would even ask if they could borrow them to wear for the first half of the game! He declined. <br /><br />Nike even has a special section on their website called, “BOUTIQUE DE MBAPPÉ.” There, it has the star’s choice in footwear. A Nike Mercurial Superfly 360 Elite FG, for instance, costs 370 euros.  But, if you’re determined to look like Mbappé there’s several Nike stores to chose from in Paris. Two of the main ones are along Champs Élysées and at Forum des Halles. <br /><br />3. He’s from the Paris suburbs <br />Mbappé is from Bondy, a town roughly 11 kilometres northeast of Paris. The city has treated the player as the town’s new claim to fame, even adding a red banner to the city hall that read, “Thank you Kylian, all of the people of Bondy are with you!” His town even hosted a welcome back reception, complete with cheering crowds that the Bondy native blew kisses two as he hugged young, excited fans. Before, Bondy was among the banlieue that made less positive headlines, which made Mbappé’s success all the more exciting for the town. As a child, Mbappé trained at the AS Bondy football club. When others watched him play, they dubbed him “the next Henry,” referring to Thierry Henry, current manager of the French club Monaco and former star footballer.<br /><br />4. The young player donated all his World Cup earnings <br />Mbappé reportedly said that he felt he should not be paid to represent France, so he donated the roughly 400,000 euros he made over the course of the tournament to a children’s charity called Premiers de Cordée. He earned an estimated 20,000 euros per game and a 300,000 euro bonus for winning the tournament. The place he made the donation to, Premiers de Cordée, pushes sports programs for hospitalised children, and promotes disability awareness in schools and businesses. Mbappé began this collaboration with the organisation in 2017 and has played soccer with some of the children supported by the charity.<br /><br />Music Credit : Youtube Audio Library<br /><br />#footballquiz#quizfootball#quiz# kylianmbappe<br /><br />Thanks For Watching{% endraw %}
