---
title: "10 Actors Who Enjoyed Kissing Their Co Stars A Little Too Much"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zizKvepXXg4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zizKvepXXg4"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["10 Actors Who Enjoyed Kissing Their Co Stars A Little Too Much","lucifer","lucifer season 5"]
date: "2022-03-16T07:08:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-30T19:58:48Z"
duration: "PT11M19S"
viewcount: "970304"
likeCount: "10245"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Movie Addicts"
---
{% raw %}10 Actors Who Enjoyed Kissing Their Co Stars A Little Too Much <br />✅ Subscribe to us → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3vaqMjStMwVZIznaE39iVw?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC3vaqMjStMwVZIznaE39iVw?sub_confirmation=1</a> 🔔 Turn on notifications to never miss a new upload! <br /><br />About Lucifer: Lucifer is an American urban fantasy television series developed by Tom Kapinos that premiered on Fox on January 25, 2016.[2][3] It is based on the DC Comics character created by Neil Gaiman, Sam Kieth, and Mike Dringenberg taken from the comic book series The Sandman, who later became the protagonist of a spin-off comic book series, both published by DC Comics' Vertigo imprint. The series is produced by Jerry Bruckheimer Television, DC Entertainment and Warner Bros. Television. The series revolves around Lucifer Morningstar (Tom Ellis), the Devil, who abandons Hell for Los Angeles where he runs his own nightclub and becomes a consultant to the LAPD. The ensemble and supporting cast include Lauren German as Detective Chloe Decker, Kevin Alejandro as Detective Daniel &quot;Dan&quot; Espinoza, D. B. Woodside as Amenadiel, Lesley-Ann Brandt as Mazikeen, and Rachael Harris as Dr. Linda Martin. Filming took place primarily in Vancouver, British Columbia before production was relocated entirely to Los Angeles, California beginning with the third season. The first season received mixed reviews from critics, though subsequent seasons were better rated. The fourth season also received high ratings and critical acclaim. Many critics particularly praised Ellis' performance. Despite initially high viewership for its debut, ratings remained consistently low throughout the series' run on Fox. On May 11, 2018, Fox cancelled Lucifer after three seasons. A month later, Netflix picked up the series for a fourth season of ten episodes, which was released on May 8, 2019. On June 6, 2019, Netflix renewed the series for the fifth and final season which will be 16 episodes. However, in March 2020, Tom Ellis and other stars of the show were reported to have signed up for a sixth season to be produced by Netflix and Warner Bros.[4] Official confirmation is yet to be received. It was later reported that production has stopped near to the end of Season 5 due to the 2020 COVID-19 pandemic and studio closures. Cast: Tom Ellis, Lauren German, Lesley-Ann Brandt, D.B Woodside, Kevin Alejandro, Rachel harris, Aimee Garcia, Scarlett Estevez, Tricia Helfer, Tom Welling, INbar Lavin, Kevin Rankin, Graham McTavish Lucifer season 6 has officially begun filming for Netflix. There’s still a long wait for season 6, however. Here’s everything we know so far about season 6 including its production status, what we can expect, why it’s the final season, and when we could eventually see it arrive onto Netflix.Also attached for season 6 so far are: Lauren German as Chloe Lesley-Ann Brandt as Maze Rachael Harris as Linda Martin Aimee Garcia as Ella Lopez Kevin Alejandro as Dan Espinoza Scarlett Estevez as Trixie Espinoza D.B. Woodside as Amenadiel In late September 2020, Scott Porter confirmed he’d be appearing in both season 5b and season 6. Scott is mainly known for his role in Friday Night Lights but has also featured in Speed Racer and will have a role in Netflix’s upcoming drama Ginny &amp; Georgia.<br /><br /> In October 2020, we got word of two new guest stars that will feature in season 6. Those are Chris Coy and Rob Zabrecky. Chris Coy is known for his appearances on The Duece, The Front Runner, and Detroit. He’s set to play the role of Alan. Rob Zabrecky is known for his appearance in A Ghost Story, Lost River, and Criminal Minds. He’s set to play the role of Horace Goldfinger. &quot;Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.&quot; <br /><br />About us: Movie Addicts delivers the best Easter eggs, sneak peeks and First Look videos for all the best upcoming movies. Subscribe to stay up to date on everything coming to theaters and your favorite streaming platform. <br /><br />Hashtags: #luciferseason5 #lucifertvshow #lucifercast #netflix #bestseries2021 #lucifer2021 #luciferseason6 #morganfreeman #luciferseason #luciferstan #lucifer&amp;chloe #deckerstar #tomellis #asmr{% endraw %}
