---
title: "5 Incredible ways to create Healthy LDL Cholesterol"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Sv0Pihsm1uA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Sv0Pihsm1uA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Incredible","create","Healthy"]
date: "2022-02-01T22:49:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-22T14:00:17Z"
duration: "PT14M19S"
viewcount: "4619"
likeCount: "336"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Heart Disease Code"
---
{% raw %}Let's discover 5 incredible ways to create healthy LDL cholesterol<br />► ► FREE BOOK + DOCUMENTARY: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://heartdiseasecode.com/health/">https://heartdiseasecode.com/health/</a> <br />► ► JOIN HEART DISEASE CODE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://heartdiseasecode.com">https://heartdiseasecode.com</a> <br /><br />Did you know studies show that people with higher LDL cholesterol often live longer and are less prone to infections. Some experts are now saying that it's not how high or low your LDL is that matters, but rather what condition it's in. <br /><br />Studies indicate that small dense ldl is problematic, whereas large buoyant ldl suggests that the cardiovascular system is in good health. So let's look at our top 5 ways to create healthy ldl.<br /><br />5. Exercise: Many studies show that moving your body on a regular basis helps improve your cholesterol profile. Plus it reduces risk of heart disease. One of the key giveaways that small dense ldl is present is the levels of triglycerides. A 2001 clinical trial showed that exercising can help reduce triglycerides.<br /><br />4. Cut out sugar: studies have shown that those with the highest intake of sugar have 275% increased risk of heart attacks.  Top of the list when it comes to sugar is soft drinks. This ranges from fruit juices to soda, and includes any drink with added sugar. When we consume soft drinks there is no fiber to slow down the effect of the sugar. It therefore goes straight into the bloodstream causing a dramatic increase in blood glucose and triglycerides. This is associated with small dense ldl being created.<br /><br />3. Remove processed carbs: Much like added sugar, processed carbs significantly spike blood sugar. Thus leading to higher triglyceride levels and the creation of small dense ldl particles. Removing these from your diet is critical for improving your LDL particle size. Avoiding high carbs can  help with weight loss and improving blood lipids. Being overweight is merely a visual symptom of what is going on inside the body. Hence why obesity is one of the major risk factors for heart disease.<br /><br />2. Eat a variety of leafy green vegetables: A vital thing to understand about leafy greens is that they are anti-inflammatory and rich in fiber. Studies have shown that for every 10 grams increase of fiber there’s a 29% decrease in cardiovascular disease. They also contain a substance called phosphatidylcholine. This helps your body remove damaged cholesterol that could be atherogenic.<br /><br />1.Eat healthy sources of fats: high fat diets can improve lipids by; lowering triglycerides, improving hdl cholesterol levels and creating larger more buoyant ldl particles. Although some people are worried that eating fat causes heart disease, one of the largest reviews on over 72 studies that looked at saturated fat and heart disease concluded that there was no link between total fat, saturated fat, and heart disease.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Disclaimer: All material in this publication is provided for information only and may not be construed as medical advice or instruction. No action should be taken based solely on the contents of this publication; instead, viewers should consult appropriate health professionals on any matter relating to their health and well-being. The information and opinions provided in this publication are believed to be accurate and sound, based on the best judgment available to the producers, but viewers who fail to consult with appropriate health authorities assume the risk of any injuries. The publisher is not responsible for errors or omissions. The material in this report has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration. The products discussed are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.{% endraw %}
