---
title: "The Best Private Search Engines in 2022 🎯"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_GPgjMHTvWM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_GPgjMHTvWM"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["the best private search engines","search engine","private search engine"]
date: "2022-04-21T21:38:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-12T06:26:11Z"
duration: "PT10M45S"
viewcount: "2413"
likeCount: "125"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Think Security"
---
{% raw %}🧨The Best Private Search Engines in 2022🎯<br />1️⃣ 👉 Top 7 MUST HAVE Cyber Security Software ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/dq-0G6TJqZE">https://youtu.be/dq-0G6TJqZE</a><br />2️⃣ 👉 Get NordVPN ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3jsT2CX">https://bit.ly/3jsT2CX</a><br />      💥SAVE 73% + 1 FREE Month + 30 Day Money Back Guarantee💥<br />► NordVPN Review (In-depth) ➜  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/pv4v7QC6UFQ">https://youtu.be/pv4v7QC6UFQ</a><br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br /><br />I'd like to talk about all things related to your online security. And today, I want to talk about the best private search engines. Specifically, I want to review what I think are the five best alternatives to Google in terms of search engine privacy. <br /><br />Timestamps<br />00:00 ➜ Intro <br />02:19 ➜ Option 1: DuckDuckGo<br />03:17 ➜ Option 2: D.Search<br />05:19 ➜ Option 3: Yippy<br />06:30 ➜ Option 4: Startpage<br />07:37 ➜ Gibiru <br />08:29 ➜ Recap<br /><br />Now, Google is definitely the biggest kid on block for sure. And while some of us may remember the days of Ask Jeeves or Yahoo Answers, for a lot of people today, Google can seem like the only option. I mean, we literally say Google it when we talk about looking something up on the internet, but Google's not the only option out there, believe it or not. So why does this matter? Well, public search engines, which include Google, along with Bing, and Yahoo, aren't actually that secure. And, and whenever you search using these platforms, you can be sure that they are recording your IP address and using cookies to build a digital profile, which they can then use for all sorts of things, including targeting ads. Now, on the other hand, private search engines are a great way of remaining anonymous on the internet. Most private search engines don't track any information that can link you to your search terms, which means that your online searches, stay your business. And you know, it's always better to be safe than sorry, when it comes to protecting your information from the websites and search engines use. So the bottom line is, private search engines are great alternatives to Google because they offer users private, secure, anonymous, non tracking searches an unbiased search result. Plus, if you're interested in more ways to improve your privacy and get around Google, you can also consider checking out a private email account. And I do have a video on my top cybersecurity recommendations where I talk about my top private email tech. So I'll include a link in the description below. So feel free to check that out if you're curious. Okay, so thanks for coming to my TED Talk. All that said, let's get into it and talk about my top five favorite private search engines. All right, first up, we have Duck Duck go. If you're looking for a Google replacement, Duck Duck go is one of the most secure search engines out there. I mean, it never tracks your data. And it still provides a great search experience for users. Also, it's definitely one of the more popular private search engines with something like 10 million searches a day. And so as one of the best Google alternatives DuckDuckGo gives you fast results without ads on the search pages. And on top of that DuckDuckGo doesn't use anything that would allow it to identify any unique user. So it can't build a search history profile, which is, you know, ideal. So this makes it perfect for folks who want to remain private. Now, I recently did an in depth review of Duck Duck go. So if you want a a super comprehensive review, I'll put a link in the description so you can check that out. Okay, so now you know what DuckDuckGo is. Next up is D search, which is a search engine created by bit clave. It's really easy to install. Anyway, so if you're interested in learning more about Nord VPN, I do have an in depth review that I'll link in the description below.<br /><br />Also, if you'd like to learn more about my favorite cybersecurity products, the ones that I think are most essential to have, I'll link to that video below as well. And as I mentioned earlier, this includes all of my picks for most essential online security products that the average person would benefit from most for protecting their families. All right, so that's it for today. And if you found this video helpful at all, please leave a thumbs up. As that always makes my day. Be sure and let me know what topics you'd like me to talk about next in the comments. And thanks. I really appreciate all of you watching and I'm excited to hear what you think down in the comments.<br /><br />- DISCLOSURE -<br /><br />I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any VPN provider. This means I might make money when you purchase paid services through the links provided and I might be able to offer discounts when available. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide reviews and tutorials without bias. So, if you enjoyed the content consider using my affiliate links. All of my opinions on this channel are always my own!<br /><br />Hope you enjoyed my The Best Private Search Engines in 2022 Video.<br /><br />#TheBestPrivateSearchEngines<br />#CyberSecurity2022{% endraw %}
