---
title: "Scissors Restoration [Decay Stopped – Black Scissors]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AtsnQcwibvc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AtsnQcwibvc"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Scissors Restoration [Decay Stopped – Black Scissors]","forgotten shine","forgotten shine restoration"]
date: "2022-01-29T11:10:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-28T12:00:13Z"
duration: "PT15M56S"
viewcount: "35141"
likeCount: "1055"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Forgotten Shine Restoration"
---
{% raw %}In restoring these rusty scissors, I used simple techniques and machinery. To restore these old scissors to their &quot;forgotten shine&quot; I had to derust them with a needle scaler, soak them in rust solvent, sandblast them, grind them, powder coat them and make a new screw on the lathe. If you don't have a sandblasting booth and a lathe, there are plenty of other ways to get where you want to go. I especially liked being able to work on the lathe again for this restoration. I bought these old rusty scissors again from a flea market internet site. Please be sure to also note that this video is not just to quickly show someone how something works, but also to relax and escape from the daily grind! <br /><br />▬ What did I do ?! ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ <br /><br />The scissors were in very poor condition, I suspect the seller (who I bought this item from) found it deep underground. In the first step I removed the rough dirt and rust with the needle scaler. Following that, I put the old scissors in rust remover and sandblasted them. With sandpaper I sanded the inside to make them even again. Now I coated the parts with a black powder coating to protect the scissors from future rust. I painted the sanded surfaces with cold bluing to prevent rust from occurring there as well. Since the old bolt (which held the old scissors together) is no longer there, I made a new bolt on the lathe. These parts I boiled in brandy vinegar, so that they are also protected from external influences. <br /><br />▬ Good to know ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ <br /><br />I used the following tools: Needle scaler, hammer, pliers, propane torch, pin punch, rust remover, sand blasting cabinet, corundum blasting media, file, vise, sandpaper, clamp, tape, knife, Powder coating equipment, compressor, oven, cordless screwdriver, drill, Isopropanol, cold bluing, brush, lathe, lathe chisel, oil, Internal thread tap, external thread tap, hot plate, spirit vinegar, glass jar, tweezers <br /><br />▬ Special Thanks to my Members! ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ <br /><br />Debora Richards <br /><br />▬ Do you want to support me? ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ <br /><br />Would you like to become a channel member? Then you can do it here:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwBnXlOxxt2MC5tZhyr2JQw/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwBnXlOxxt2MC5tZhyr2JQw/join</a> <br /><br />You like what you see and you want to help the channel to develop continuously? If you want to support me you can donate via Paypal: <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=C3NBENWZT56DG">https://www.paypal.com/donate?hosted_button_id=C3NBENWZT56DG</a> <br /><br />▬ Did you like it? ▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬ <br /><br />Did you like the video? Then like, subscribe and please share it! <br /><br />Many Thanks!{% endraw %}
