---
title: "African AMERICANS & AFRICANS are NOT one?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zkwb8K2nLc8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zkwb8K2nLc8"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["africa","african american","black lives matter"]
date: "2022-01-15T23:21:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-23T17:00:39Z"
duration: "PT54M43S"
viewcount: "242582"
likeCount: "5491"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ODANA NETWORK"
---
{% raw %}#DiasporaTransition #Dentaashow #AfricanAmericans<br /><br />LOCATION: <br />THE GREENS LOUNGE<br />Tema Community 9<br />SIXTH AVENUE, besides the children’s park <br /><br />FB: @greens_lounge<br />T: +233 50 428 6333<br />---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />One of the largest of the many ethnic groups in the United States, African Americans are mainly of African ancestry, but many have non-Black ancestors as well. whiles largely the descendants of people who were brought from the African homelands by force to work in the New World, some also reason that the disparities between African AMERICANS &amp; AFRICANS can not make us one, unite or come together.<br /><br />CARLYA (AMA) LAWSON, VANESSA GYAN &amp; SELENA CARTY graced the Diaspora Transition series to discuss this topic and the place of an AFRICAN WOMAN..<br />______________________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />With Degrees in Television &amp; Radio Communications and Public Relations from Brooklyn College,  VANESSA GYAN, the daughter of the late Kiki Gyan of famed group Osibisa, brings her education, knowledge, and international experience to the Ghanaian media industry. She moved to Ghana and has made her imprint in various sectors. Vanessa hosted 'The Late Night Celebrity Show', 'Celebrity Samba, produced 'E on E' and was the head of entertainment at eTV Ghana. Vanessa also launched the Sincerely, Vee brand, which after two seasons of premiering the self-produced 'Sincerely, Vee' show, made an impact on young girls and women not just in Africa but globally.<br /><br />Vanessa Gyan quickly grabbed the attention of many, as part of the EIB family, Gyan was handpicked to represent EIB at the 2016 BET Awards held in Los Angeles, California.<br />In 2017, Vanessa officially launched The Post Pregnancy Boujie Express at Ridge Hospital in Accra. Her goal is for moms-to-be and postpartum women to leave knowing they aren’t alone in the journey of motherhood while educating them on self-care, breastfeeding, CPR, and more. <br /><br />IG:  @Vanessa Gyan  <br />FB: @Vanessa.Gyan1 <br />TW: @vanessa_gyan<br />YT: @Vanessa Gyan<br />W: www.vanessagyan.com<br />______________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />SELENA CARTY is  a Cultural &amp; Ancestral Historian: World History <br />Afro-Centric Genealogist, Founder of the BlackPoppyRose &amp; BlackRose of Remembrance, global symbols to honor &amp; respect our ancestors whose history has been marginalized and under shadowed which has crippled the confidence of several generations.  She aims to remedy this through education and empowerment of the facts of  ‘History behind the History’.  <br /><br />Blood, Culture, Identity are the key reasons she moved back home. ‘Home’ is in the heart and soul. Being born in the UK to Jamaican parents both born before independence has led to a craving of what it means to be Black/West Indian/Caribbean/African. Traveling the world documenting our ancestors, her, and other families has made her draw several conclusions about how she choose to live her life. Ghana has a history and energy that allows her to feel that she is not missing anything more. She loves traveling and learning, absorbing and emerging herself into the unknown. Learning is about feeling, from her perspective and as a race, conscientiously and sub-conscientiously we have and continue to be disrespected on the world stage and she has accepted the status that the world continues to offer. We must come home to the Motherland to re-assert our status. That comes from healing the broken lineage and family timelines.  <br /><br />IG:  @Selena Carty <br />FB: @Selena Carty<br />TW: @SelenaCarty<br />YT: @BlackPoppyRose<br />W: www.blackpoppyrose.org<br />____________________________________________________________________________________________<br /><br />CARLYA (AMA) LAWSON is an IT Project Manager who relocated from Dallas, Tx. to Accra Ghana to become an Agriculture Processor and Exporter. Leaving behind 2 adult children and her mother; she set off to answer the call for African Americans and other Diasporas to return to Africa. Originally visiting Ghana during the YOR; she started off as a tourist but quickly realized this was a business trip. Changing course from partying to planning, Carlya began to research what opportunities a foreigner could access. Agricultural Processing stood out as one of the 10 sectors supported by the Ministry of Trade &amp; Industry. To assist in her transition and business development; she incorporates some of the products into cooking vegan, vegetarian, and pescatarian meals at her restaurant in Osu.  <br /><br />THE GARDEN &amp; THE SEA<br />Osu – Nyaniba Estate<br />Accra, Ghana<br />054.189.6650<br />Thegardenandthesea.store<br />Agricultural Processing of Produce<br />- Ghana Free Zone Exporter<br />- Vegan, Vegetarian, Pescatarian Restauranteur<br />- Private Chef &amp; Catering<br />- Online Ordering System Installation<br /><br />IG:  @thegardenandthesea <br />FB: @TheGardenandTheSea <br />TW: @TheGardenandTheSea <br />W: www.thegardenandthesea.com <br /><br />black lives matter, blacks in America{% endraw %}
