---
title: "Enthusiastic about Karen Salmansohn"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8YIpbUm8s7k\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8YIpbUm8s7k"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["spiritual","intuition","selfhelp"]
date: "2022-01-25T12:24:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-25T05:00:09Z"
duration: "PT24M26S"
viewcount: "0"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "TNT Spiritworks"
---
{% raw %}Savvy, fiesty and amazing is what I would call my guest this week.<br /><br />Her name is Karen Salmansohn and she has a masterful ability to take real life situations, and bring them forth through her books, posts, video courses that is straight to the point and makes you say “hells yes to that!” and “I want some of what she’s got.”<br /><br />For over 25 years, Karen Salmansohn has been a multi bestselling author with 2 million books sold globally. Plus she’s the founder of a popular (high traffic and high domain authority) personal development website called NotSalmon.com. She has over 1.5 million social media followers and 90K newsletter subscribers. <br /><br />Karen began her career working in NY top advertising agencies (Young and Rubicam, J. Walter Thompson, McCann Erickson, etc). She won CLIOs her first year in the business and became a Senior Creative Director in her 20’s. She quit because she was passionate about using her skills as a writer and designer to author books and screenplays.<br /><br />Her first book was a funny novel she sold to St. Martin’s Press (which received rave reviews from the comedians Jon Stewart and Rita Rudner – as well as Publisher Weekly, Marie Claire, LA Times, Entertainment Weekly, Chicago Tribune etc). Her novel was also optioned by Miramax to be a movie starring Marisa Tomei. <br /><br />She then also received TV development deals from Miramax, Brillstein Gray, NBC, Nickelodeon and MTV. Soon after Karen began writing a range of psychological non-fiction books she called “self help for people who wouldn’t be caught dead doing self help” – because they merge psychology with stylish graphics and feisty humor.<br /><br />Her first book of this kind was called “How To Be Happy Dammit” and became an instant bestseller, selling 350,000 copies. It’s been highly recommended on Oprah and Psychology Today (who each invited her to become an online columnist), featured in the PBS documentary, “This Emotional Life” and an Eminem music video!<br /><br />After this wildly successful book she continued to author a variety of bestselling psychological books, published by top publishing houses including Random House, Rizzoli, Chronicle, Workman, Simon and Schuster  – and recommended by Deepak Chopra, Madonna, Tony Robbins, Goldie Hawn, Peter Guber, Arianna Huffington, Tim Feriss, Tony Hsieh and then some.<br /><br />In the last few years Karen began creating video courses for personal development, which quickly became a very profitable venture. As a result, Karen is now mainly focusing on producing more of her successful video courses. She also has a half finished second novel she is working on completing.<br /><br />Insights to add to your spiritual toolbox from this episode:<br /><br />1.  Instant Calm, How To Be Happy Dammit, and other self-help books<br /><br />2. Ways to increase your energy<br /><br />3. Stress reducing tools<br /><br />4. Zigzagging through life<br /><br />5. 20% on the problem, 80% on the solution<br /><br />6. Wisdom from Aristotle<br /><br />7. Negative/positive evidence collectors<br /><br />8. Dynamic On-line courses{% endraw %}
