---
title: "Biggest Male Lions In Kruger Park - The Leeubron Males - Way Off Territory!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7cLIHHQmHz8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7cLIHHQmHz8"
categories: "Pets-Animals"
tags: ["Wildlife","Africa","Kruger National Park"]
date: "2022-02-22T23:19:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-22T12:59:02Z"
duration: "PT11M"
viewcount: "5851"
likeCount: "268"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Africa Adventures"
---
{% raw %}Watch the two Leeubron Lion Males walking down the road with a Pride of Lionesses.<br />These Boys are massive and huge. Probably the two biggest Male Lions currently alive in Kruger National Park.<br />Notice: The one is Big Boy with the long face. The other one is missing the tuft of his tail.<br /><br />They took over the Shimangwaneni Pride in 2019 and are usually seen around the S126/S36 junction close to Muzandzeni and sometimes as far east as Welverdiend on the S126.<br />This video was filmed 5 km South of the Sweni River Bridge on the H1-3, way off their normal territory!<br />We are not sure yet whether the Lionesses in this video are from the Shimangwaneni Pride?<br />It is possible that these females are from another Pride and that the Leeubron Males have taken over that Pride.<br />We will investigate and inform you asap.<br /><br />Notice Big Boy rolling in Buffalo and Elephant poop!<br />It is common to see some animals roll around in the dung of other animals. Leopards and lions will often roll around in buffalo dung, There are several theories as to why animals will cover themselves with the scent of the dung of other animals. The majority suggest that rolling around in other animal dung could disguise their predator smell and assist them in hunting.  <br />The theory is that if they sneak up on a grazing zebra or other prey species, it's better to smell like an Elephant or Buffalo than like a lion.<br /><br />PLEASE VISITORS TO KRUGER PARK: <br />Respect the Wildlife AND other tourist!<br />• Please give the Animals space.<br />• Don’t drive next to animals when they walk down the road.<br />• If you need to follow them, then do so at a reasonable distance to avoid  the stress it might cause the animals by following too closely.<br />• Please TURN OFF your car engines at a sighting – The Wildlife and other Tourist DO NOT need your AIR and NOISE Pollution.<br /><br />GAME DRIVE ETIQUETTE - RULES (SANParks):<br />– When you come across a sighting, slowly pull over on the side of the road closest to the animal, but keep a safe distance<br />– If there are animals in the road, immediately stop at least 20 m from them<br />– The lane furthest from the sighting should NEVER be blocked, so that others can pass if they want to<br />– Don’t linger longer than a few minutes at a sighting, so that others can view it too<br />– Never go off the designated roads<br />– Never climb out of your vehicle during a drive, or hang out of your car windows or sunroof<br />– Don’t hoot or blare loud music<br />– Avoid driving into vegetation, as this could damage the environment or kill small animals<br />– During night drives, never shine a spotlight directly in animals’ eyes<br />– Never make noise to get animals to move, stand up or otherwise react for pictures<br />– Respect the rangers, and always comply with their requests or instructions<br /><br />Beautiful, Original and High Quality Wildlife videos only on this channel.<br />Enjoy, Like and Subscribe for more.<br /> <br />SUBSCRIBE <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/user/jks18354?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/user/jks18354?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />ALSO: Watch and subscribe to this amazing &quot;Big On Wild&quot; Wildlife Channel <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmH6LsdLEjFUk3JmWgEJeTg">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCmH6LsdLEjFUk3JmWgEJeTg</a>{% endraw %}
