---
title: "More and More Countries Oppose NATO\/OTAN is Suffering EXTREME DISUNITY amid The Conflict With Moscow"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QfwaxHeTP4s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QfwaxHeTP4s"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Countries","Oppose","NATO\/OTAN"]
date: "2022-02-04T01:47:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-02T14:10:30Z"
duration: "PT5M58S"
viewcount: "15881"
likeCount: "1120"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BORZZIKMAN"
---
{% raw %}More and More Countries Oppose NATO/OTAN is Suffering EXTREME DISUNITY amid The Conflict With Moscow<br />*******************************************************************************************<br /><br />Greetings my dear truth seekers. I'm monitoring the situation very closely around the growing conflict between Russia and NATO. And I noticed that there has not been such disunity in NATO since the second war in Iraq. Neither the old nor the new members of the Alliance want to quarrel with Russia. Today, NATO unites 30 countries, but the Alliance has not achieved true unity on issues regarding Russia. Many states do not want to participate in the current events around Ukraine. In Europe, there is less and less understanding of why the United States and especially Great Britain are so diligently inflating the situation with the &quot;Russian invasion&quot;, concocting colorful details, such as the burned and looted Kiev. Armored columns of Russians are not advancing anywhere, soldiers in field camps are bored, the Ukrainian army, in the disembodied expectations of the Russian attack announced back in October, is slowly starting to decompose. The pathos of the Ukrainian leadership, having reached a possible ceiling, is gradually giving way to the realization that it is unlikely that a wide river of investments will flow into Ukraine. On the other hand, the mass flight of capital is becoming an avalanche-like character in Ukraine, and regular deliveries of American and British weapons cannot close the hungry mouths of ukranian citizens. In the Western press, even more often you can meet statements that &quot;Putin outplayed everyone without taking a single step&quot;............<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Dear subscribers and guests of this channel. If you like my channel and if you really like what I've been doing on my youtube channel, then start supporting BORZZIKMAN on Patreon.<br />Your support will help me out to keep the production of my exclusive videos running smoothly. Moreover, you'll gain access to my other exclusive videos, also you will get the possibility to order the creation of an exclusive video that you want to see, suggest topics for future video analyses, and most important help this channel to survive. <br />Become a Patron - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167">https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167</a><br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Other platforms to support the BORZZIKMAN channel.<br /><br /><br />WebMoney: Z287850237751 (USD)<br />                      E356280180033 (EUR)<br />                      R031929326481 (RUB)<br /><br /><br />Bitcoin: 1Lv4nnM1ZJVW1GJMUeGMCZXPXz8xeKuGTf<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />WARNING: ANY other channel using my nickname, image or videos is unauthorized and fake. This is the ONLY channel run and operated by BORZZIKMAN! This is the official BORZZIKMAN YouTube channel!<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...">https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...</a><br /><br />#BORZZIKMAN{% endraw %}
