---
title: "Thomas Cranmer: Destroyed by Vengeance?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/v9hhRit3m4g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "v9hhRit3m4g"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Tudor","Jacobean","Elizabethan"]
date: "2022-03-21T11:34:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-18T16:00:27Z"
duration: "PT53M3S"
viewcount: "15275"
likeCount: "1530"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Reading the Past"
---
{% raw %}The 21st March is the anniversary of the date on which Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury, was burnt at the stake in Oxford… but how much of a part did Queen Mary I’s desire for vengeance actually play in his fate?<br /><br />I hope you enjoy this video and find it interesting!<br /><br />Please subscribe and click the bell icon to be updated about new videos.<br /><br />Also, if you want to get in touch, please comment down below or find me on social media:<br />Instagram: katrina.marchant<br />Twitter: @kat_marchant<br />Clubhouse: @kat_marchant<br />TikTok: @katrina_marchant<br />Email: readingthepastwithdrkat@gmail.com<br /><br />Intro / Outro song: Silent Partner, &quot;Greenery&quot; [<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeIkbW49B6A]">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qeIkbW49B6A]</a><br /><br />SFX from <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://freesfx.co.uk/Default.aspx">https://freesfx.co.uk/Default.aspx</a><br /><br />Linked videos and playlists:<br /><br />Bloody Mary?: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/n_OXBERijQo">https://youtu.be/n_OXBERijQo</a> <br /><br /><br />Images (from Wikimedia Commons, unless otherwise stated):<br /><br />Portrait of Thomas Cranmer by Gerlach Flicke (1545-1546). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Paternal canting arms of Thomas Cranmer, Archbishop of Canterbury: Argent, a chevron between three cranes azure. By User:Lobsterthermidor (2018), using crane from File:Blason Famille Burine.svg by User:SanglierT<br /> <br />Portrait miniature of Mary Tudor, later Mary I of England attributed to Lucas Horenbout (c.1521-1525). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Portrait of Henry VIII of England by Joos van Cleve (c.1530-1535). Held by the Royal Collection.  <br /><br />Portrait of Catherine of Aragon by an unknown English artist (16th century). Held by Lambeth Palace, on loan to the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />The wedding portrait of Ferdinand and Isabella by an unknown artist (c. 1469). Reproduced by Duoda, Women Research Center. University of Barcelona.<br /><br />Frontispiece to John Fisher’s “Assertionis Lutheranae confutation” (1523). Photographed by Christies as an auction lot. This version was printed in Paris rather than Antwerp.<br /><br />The Trial of Queen Catherine of Aragon, by Henry Nelson O'Neil (1846–1848). Held by the Birmingham Museums.<br /><br />Near contemporary painting of Anne Boleyn by an unknown artist (c.1550). Held by Hever Castle.<br /><br />Portrait of Charles V with a Dog by Jakob Seisenegger (1532). Held by Kunsthistorisches Museum.<br /><br />Portrait of Andreas Osiander by an unknown artist from the book Zweihundert deutsche Männer in Bildnissen und Lebensbeschreibungen (Two hundred German men in portraits and biographies), Leipzig 1854, edited by Ludwig Bechstein, compare Zweihundert deutsche Männer in Bildnissen und Lebensbeschreibungen (Visual Library); photograph from portrait.kaar.at <br /><br />Portrait of William Warham by Hans Holbein the Younger (1528). Held by the Louvre Museum.  <br /><br />Portrait of Thomas Cromwell by Hans Holbein the Younger (1532–1533). Held by The Frick Collection.  <br /><br />Portrait of Queen Mary I by Master John (1544). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Portrait of Edward VI as a Child by Hans Holbein the Younger (c.1538). Held by the National Gallery of Art, Washington D.C.<br /><br />Detail from “The Family of Henry VIII” by an unknown artist (c.1545). Held by the Royal Collection, on display at Hampton Court Palace.  <br /><br />Portrait of Anne of Cleves by Hans Holbein the Younger (c.1539). Held by the Louvre Museum.  <br /><br />Portrait of a Young Woman, thought to be Katherine Howard, from the workshop of Hans Holbein the Younger (c.1540-1545). Held by the Metropolitan Museum of Art.<br /> <br />Portrait of Catherine Parr by an unknown artist (late 16th century). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />“King Edward VI and the Pope” by an unknown artist (c.1575). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Portrait of Edward VI of England, from the circle of William Scrots (16th century). Held in a private collection in an unspecified location.<br /><br />Portrait of Lady Jane Grey by an unknown artist (c.1590-1600). Held by the National Portrait Gallery.<br /><br />Selected woodcut images from John Foxe's Book of Martyrs (1563)<br /><br />Quoted texts:<br /><br />Diarmaid MacCulloch, ODNB entry on Thomas Cranmer.<br /><br />Thomas Cranmer: A Life by Diarmaid MacCulloch<br /><br />Also consulted, were:<br /><br />Relevant entries from The Oxford Dictionary of National Biography Online<br /><br />Among the Wolves of Court: The Untold Story of Thomas and George Boleyn by Lauren Mackay<br /><br />#Tudor #Reformation #History{% endraw %}
