---
title: "Massive hearthplace rips via £90million 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken golfing membership"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UbzcH-WFe_A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UbzcH-WFe_A"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Massive","fire","rips"]
date: "2022-04-07T11:30:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-09T21:08:26Z"
duration: "PT4M20S"
viewcount: "4"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "00Breaking News"
---
{% raw %}Massive hearthplace rips via £90million 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken golfing membership<br /><br /> A luxurious golfing membership favoured via way of means of celebrities which include Harry Kane and Peter Crouch has been hit via way of means of a big hearthplace. Enormous flames ripped via the membership residence constructing at 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken Golf Club ultimate night time. The emergency offerings have been alerted simply earlier than 10pm after the hearthplace changed into discovered.  Surrey Fire and Rescue Service rushed to the scene however little can be carried out to shop the burning shape or its basement. Investigations are persevering with nowadays into what ought to have sparked the substantial blaze.  Specialist team and 8 engines and were given there inside simply minutes, however a few are nevertheless there this morning.  Surrey Police stated it changed into knowledgeable as a rely of protocol however did now no longer want to attend. A supply advised Breaking News: 'The hearthplace has considerably broken the membership residence, however fortuitously no one changed into hurt. 'It did now no longer have an effect on the inn, the spa or the eating place so that they were capable of open as regular nowadays.'  Jorge de Jesus, Group General Manager thanked the emergency offerings for his or her speedy help. He brought: 'I need to specific our private gratitude to the Surrey Fire &amp; Rescue Service for his or her expert response'  The prestigious and famous direction on grounds owned via way of means of the past due Lord 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken is often voted withinside the pinnacle one hundred withinside the world. It changed into pronounced growing the grounds had price withinside the location of £90million and the direction is a non-public members-simplest business.   The grounds belonged to the 20 th century media multi-millionaire Lord Maxwell 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken. He is the great-grandfather of version and TV presenter Jodie Kidd.  When Lord 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken - who changed into a confidante to Winston Churchill - died, the stately domestic and environment fell into disrepair. But David Mclay Kidd and 8-time essential winner Tom Watson helped rework it and it opened quietly in September 2016.  The golfing direction is sopping wet in records and is on grounds offered via way of means of press baron Lord 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken in 1910. It changed into later bought and renovated via way of means of builders Longshot Cherkley Court Ltd. They converted the grounds and property and brought a golfing direction. It changed into created via way of means of professional and architect, David McLay Kidd, and 8-time essential winner, Tom Watson.   The neighbouring residence changed into converted right into a luxurious united states inn and eating place the subsequent year.  Since then it has attracted high-quality celeb names, which include high-quality rich footballers. The golfing direction did now no longer right away reply to requests for a comment.  Surrey Fire and Rescue advised Breaking News: 'We acquired a name ultimate night time round 22.00pm to a file of a hearthplace at 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken Golf Club, Reigate Road, Leatherhead. 'Eight hearthplace engines were despatched in total, along a few professional crews. The first arrived on the scene round 22.10pm. 'A hearthplace had damaged out, negative everything of the constructing and its basement. 'Crews continue to be on the scene.' Surrey Police stated: 'We have been known as quickly after 10pm the previous day following reviews of a hearthplace at 1st Baron William Maxwell Aitken Golf Course in Leatherhead. 'This changed into merely for recognition as that is protocol and there has been no want for officials to attend.'<br /><br /> #breakingnews #news #latestnews #00breakingnews #dailynews #09March2022 #March #2022<br /><br />Created by 00Breaking News<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/00breakingnews">https://www.youtube.com/00breakingnews</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcH6ibWROf18SVWqGTY9_Dg?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcH6ibWROf18SVWqGTY9_Dg?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />Join this channel to enjoy the privileges:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcH6ibWROf18SVWqGTY9_Dg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCcH6ibWROf18SVWqGTY9_Dg/join</a>{% endraw %}
