---
title: "AFRICAN COUNTRIES, WHO THEY WOULD FIGHT FOR IN THE RUSSIA UKRAINE WAR"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/gcYkgY0nOqE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "gcYkgY0nOqE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Russia Ukraine invasion","Russia invades Ukraine","war in Ukraine"]
date: "2022-03-08T00:31:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-03T16:32:28Z"
duration: "PT9M48S"
viewcount: "257"
likeCount: "7"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}We very well know that the war going on is between Russia and Ukraine at face value, but this also takes in other countries. The current war is between the two super powers, i.e., Russia and America. It's not a secret that the Ukraine government is backed by the United States of America, and the US has been pivotal in ensuring that Ukraine gets all the support it can get from the European Union while Russia maintains its master plan.<br /><br />Libya<br />Libya has all the reasons not to side with whoever is an ally of America. Their reasons range from what they have been through following the downfall of Ghadafi.<br />The north African country suffered greatly during the invasion by America and its allies, hence pivotal in the downfall of the Libyan leader. The wounds seem to never heal. A lot of property was destroyed, and citizens put the blame on the USA and allies.<br />MOROCCO<br />Morocco's closest ally is the USA, and their alliance dates back to the American Revolution. Since 1790, Morocco and the USA established official relations, and they have been supportive of each other's policies. Despite this, far eastern Europe has been courting the North African country as an ally.<br />Because of this bilateralism between Morocco and Russia, I believe the North African country would choose to fight alongside Russia if the Russia - Ukraine war escalated included other countries.<br />Egypt<br />Another country that would definitely be forced to pick sides is Egypt. Egypt is, without a doubt, the most military-equipped country in Africa. This can be traced all the way back to the time of the Bible. Egypt has always been a strong country, and therefore, if this war between Russia and Ukraine was to sill over, there is no doubt that the North African country would side with Russia in the Russia - Ukraine war<br /><br />KENYA<br />Kenya established diplomatic relations with Kenya on December 14, 1963, and has since maintained good relations with the African Great Lakes country, but there are more reasons for Kenya to side with the USA and his allies in the ongoing Russia Ukraine war.<br />NIGERIA<br />Nigeria and the United States have long been close allies. The United States is Nigeria's main trading partner and is its most important diplomatic partner.<br />Following the kidnap of Nigerian schoolgirls in 2014, during the search and rescue efforts by the Nigerian government, the US government offered their disciplinary US team to help the Nigerian military in locating and rescuing schoolgirls, and this strengthened the relationship.<br />Despite signing a military agreement with Russia in 2019, Nigeria's relationship with the USA is way stronger and, therefore, the West African country wouldn't hesitate to fight alongside their ally if the war between Russia and Ukraine escalated to involving other countries.<br />Uganda,<br />Uganda enjoys a very good relationship with the United States of America and Russia.<br />Bilateral relations between the United States and Uganda have been good since Museveni assumed power, and the United States has welcomed his efforts to end human rights abuses and to pursue economic reform. Apparently, Uganda enjoys more relations with Russia than America and it is believed that Uganda SFC receives its training in Russia.<br />Museveni seems to be more inclined to far-west policies than the USA. Uganda would feel more at ease supporting Russia than any other ally in this Russia Ukraine war.<br />SOUTH AFRICA<br />The comments  that South Africa made on the war between Russia and Ukraine, created a backlash and no one can anticipate how far worse this can actually go.<br />Here is the breaker. Much of South Africa rushed to make what would be termed as dangerous comments on Russia. Their business ties are so strong that South Africa would not wish anything to happen to Russia and therefore would stand with them in Russia Ukraine war.<br /> <br />RWANDA<br />Rwanda's military capabilities have grown over time and cannot be overlooked in such matters. <br />One would therefore want to believe that Rwanda would fight alongside America and its allies, but I don’t think so. Rwanda would side with Russia because the presidents of the two countries seem to share a lot in common.<br />Both presidents are no-nonsense in character, authoritarian and strongly patriotic. So in this war between Russia and Ukraine, I see Rwanda siding with Russia in the ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine.<br />#russiaukrainewar #russiaukraineivasion #ukrainewar #russiaagainstnato#russiaukraine#ukraine#warinukraine#putin#volodymyrzelenskyy#vladimirputin#nato#natosanctionsrussia#usa#joebiden#invasion#russiaukraineconflict{% endraw %}
