---
title: "WHAT’S YOUR BIGGEST WEAKNESS? (11 GOOD WEAKNESSES To Use In A JOB INTERVIEW!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UX_dxcjp5Gw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UX_dxcjp5Gw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["WHAT’S YOUR WEAKNESS","what's your biggest weakness interview question","what are your strengths and weaknesses"]
date: "2022-05-13T16:58:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-06T19:12:49Z"
duration: "PT12M40S"
viewcount: "1679297"
likeCount: "68971"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CareerVidz"
---
{% raw %}WHAT’S YOUR BIGGEST WEAKNESS? (11 GREAT Weaknesses To Use In A Job Interview!) By Richard McMunn of: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/top-30-interview-questions-answers/">https://passmyinterview.com/top-30-interview-questions-answers/</a><br />#interviewquestionsandanswers #jobinterviewtips #interviews<br /><br />WHY DOES THE INTERVIEWER ASK YOU THIS QUESTION?<br />They want to see that you are SELF AWARE.<br />They want to assess how HONEST you are!<br />They want to see whether you HAVE A PLAN to improve.<br /><br />WEAKNESSES TO AVOID<br />1. Saying you are not very good at working with other people.<br />2. Saying you are not very good at timekeeping.<br />3. Saying you are not good at managing multiple tasks.<br /><br />3 TIPS<br />#1 – Give an honest weakness.<br />#2 – Do not say you are a perfectionist! This is the worst thing to say because everyone always uses this!<br />#3 – Explain what you are doing to improve on the weakness.<br /><br />11 GREAT WEAKNESSES TO USE IN A JOB INTERVIEW!<br />“I focus too much on detail during projects or tasks.”<br />I am a detail-orientated person, but when a project has a tight deadline, this is not always helpful. I am trying to be more mindful in situations like these and I am learning to focus more on the end goal of the project or task I am responsible for.”<br /><br />“I find it difficult to ask other people for help.”<br />I take great pride in my work and when I encounter problems, I always try to figure things out for myself. However, I understand it would be more beneficial to seek advice from other, more experienced people in my team, and I am taking steps to improve.”<br /><br />“I struggle to let go of projects.”<br />I tend to get so engrossed in the projects I am working on that I don’t want to let them go. However, I understand this is not helpful to my employer's goals, and I am learning to finish a project and then move straight on to the next one.<br /><br />“I’m not very good at giving people feedback.”<br />If someone asks me for feedback I would rather avoid it as I don’t want to hurt their feelings. However. I do appreciate feedback is an important part of self-development, and I have been trying to improve in this area by forcing myself to give people feedback when it is requested.”<br /><br />“I find it hard saying no to people.”<br />This has been a problem of mine because I always say yes to everything, even if I don’t have the capacity to do so. In the past, I have sometimes become overwhelmed by taking on too many responsibilities. Before I say yes to things, I now take my time to assess my own workload to make sure I do have the capacity to commit to extra work or responsibilities.<br /><br />“I lack experience in…”<br />I currently lack experience in taking the lead on projects, but this is something I am keen to improve on. If I am to reach my full potential this is an area I need to gain experience in, and I am keen to improve in this area.<br /><br />“I am too sensitive at times.”<br />I am sometimes too sensitive, and in the past, I would take criticism personally. However, I do understand that for me to continually improve professionally I need to view other people’s comments as constructive and productive. I am learning to be more mindful in situations such as these when people are simply trying to help me develop.<br /><br />“I can be too judgemental of others.”<br />In my last role, I would automatically judge people if they were either late finishing a project or if their standard of work was not up to scratch. However, I have been trying to improve in this area, and I no longer jump to conclusions relating to other people’s performance. Instead, I try to offer my help and support so they can improve which ultimately serves to help the team.<br /><br />“I don’t yet have any leadership experience!” (Good for freshers)<br />I currently have no leadership experience but this is something I want to improve on. If you asked me now to take the lead on something, I wouldn’t feel confident in doing so. However, to improve in this area would seek to observe how managers and team leaders tackle projects and tasks so I can learn how to do it myself when the opportunity presents itself.<br /><br />“I get stressed if a project runs over the deadline.”<br />My weakness is the fact that I get stressed if I think a project is running over time. This is simply because I take pride in my work and I don’t want to let my employer down. I am learning to remain calm in difficult situations such as these and to focus on what I can do to help get the project finished on time. <br /><br />“I am not very good at presenting to large groups of people.”<br />My weakness is my fear of public speaking. I would genuinely love to have the confidence to stand up in front of a group of people and give a talk. However, I am trying to improve in this area and I recently purchased a book from Amazon on how to improve confidence when public speaking.<br /><br />CONNECT WITH RICHARD ON LINKEDIN.COM:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/">https://www.linkedin.com/in/richard-mcmunn-coach/</a><br /><br />DOWNLOAD RICHARD'S 30 GREAT ANSWERS TO TOUGH INTERVIEW QUESTIONS:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://passmyinterview.com/top-30-interview-questions-answers/">https://passmyinterview.com/top-30-interview-questions-answers/</a>{% endraw %}
