---
title: "Signs you are from distant planet |This is why"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wKEsfxbSBgg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wKEsfxbSBgg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["fascinating tv","you are from a distant planet","distant planet"]
date: "2022-05-26T09:34:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-24T22:57:33Z"
duration: "PT14M8S"
viewcount: "11049"
likeCount: "1101"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Fascinating TV"
---
{% raw %}Signs you are from distant planet |This is why<br />Hallo powerful galactic beings, welcome back to another video. Have you ever looked up at the stars and felt a nostalgia and longing that you can’t explain? Maybe You wonder who or what is out there. You feel like there’s a story written in the stars about your past that you just can’t quite tap into. Sometimes, you ask yourself, If only I could visit those planets and travel to all of the beautiful galaxies in the universe. Or maybe, If only I could explain why I don’t feel like I belong on Earth. Or something like, If only I knew why I feel a pull to one star constellation or cluster in particular, maybe I will be fullfilled. Is this just curiosity? Or are you experiencing a soul revelation, a deep internal knowing that you didn’t originate here on Earth, that your soul is a descendant of a far-away light system? Is it possible that you are a rare soul type a Starseed. Starseeds are highly advanced spiritual beings and souls that originated from distant planets, solar systems, and galaxies, typically far from Earth. These evolved souls carry a multitude of wisdom within, along with special abilities and gifts. Every starseed, no matter what system they come from, carry activation encryptions, special codes designed to unlock their knowledge and abilities at a predetermined or even spontaneous time. It is this knowledge that is fundamental as to why they came to Earth in the first place. Prior to incarnation, they answered the call of mastery, wisdom, vision, and creativity to be seeded into specific civilizations, predominantly those with darker sides to them. Different to Earth humans and Earth Angels, a starseed soul has never had roots here on Earth, but rather was sent here to complete a specific mission or deed. There are many different types of Starseeds, but their overall starseed mission involves paving new pathways for innovation, healing, creativity, understanding, expansion, and Earth’s ascension. Starseeds at this moment in time, voluntarily came to Earth to uplift the planet’s vibration, ready to propel humanity, Mother Gaia, and nature into the Golden Age of transformation, creativity, peace, love, and divine healing. This era is to begin during 2030. They are the innovators, healers, teachers, counselors, and wise elders amongst us; they beat purely to the sound of the Creator’s drum, never straying far from their Starseed mission. It’s estimated that there are only 78 million starseeds here on Earth: less than 1% of the Earth’s population. Within that small number though, there are believed to be more than 19 different types of starseed and starbeings. One thing’s for certain, they are remarkable beyond all measure. Starseeds originating from different star systems such as Pleydes, Orion, and Andromeda, all have different traits and behaviors, but there are some universal traits that most Starseeds have in common. <br />#FascinatingTV#highlyevolved#starseed#orionstarseed#chosensigns#spirituallyGifted#spiritualenlightenment#FascinatingTV<br />#theyarehere#theyareherealready#getready#gameover#thenendgame#chosenones#<br /><br />#theendoftime#spiritualgift#spiritgift#SlightlyBetter#spiritual#awakening#conciousness#ascension#5D#highlyspiritualchosenones#spiritualchosenones#peoplewithspiritualgifts#people#strangethings#spiritualbeing#spiritual#soul#soulawakening#oldsoul#chosenones#Why the chosen ones are highly enlightened soul#wakeup3AM#3AM#3:30AM#4AM#divinehour#witchhour#chosen#0friends#higherconconsciousness#misunderstanding#misunderstand#haters#howtodealwithhaters#consciousness#FascinatingTV#Fascinating TV#people#society#new age,spirit#spirituality#spirituawakening<br />#starseedstraits#orionstarseed#FascinatingTV#constellations#stars<br />##people#society #soul reincarnation,reincarnation #activate your super power#power within #chosenones#areaffectedby#these#10things#spiritualgifts#giftspiritual#God#spirit#biblicalmeaning#highlyevolved #FascinatingTV#Fascinating TV#become a super human#things to remove you’re your life#past life#past experiences,spirituality#biblicalmeaning#wakeup3AM#adventurerarchetype#adventureratheart#signyouareanadventurer#10signsyouareanadventurer##lifepath#liefepathnumber9#number9#numerology#Lifepath#theheartofwarrior,#howtocalculatelifepath#lifepathexplained#pastlife#pastlife#10weirdsigns#youmeet#someonefrom#your#pastlife#reincarnation#spiritualcommunity#rebirth#soulrebirth#spirit#spiritual #pastexperiences##Andromedanstarseed#starseed#chosenones#10signsyouareanadromedanstarseed#<br />#10signs#chosenones#signsyouareachsoenones#aliens#adromedan#pleidian##<br />#FascinatingTV#biblicalmeaning#wakeup3AM#adventurerarchetype#adventureratheart#signyouareanadventurer#10signsyouareanadventurer##lifepath#liefepathnumber9#number9#numerology#Lifepath#theheartofwarrior,#howtocalculatelifepath#lifepathexplained#pastlife#pastlife#10weirdsigns#youmeet#someonefrom#your#pastlife#reincarnation#spiritualcommunity#rebirth#soulrebirth#spirit#spiritual #pastexperiences{% endraw %}
