---
title: "The Foundations - Build Me Up Buttercup (Official Lyrics Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hSofzQURQDk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hSofzQURQDk"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Foundations","The Foundations","Build Me Up Buttercup"]
date: "2022-04-03T18:57:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-12-27T16:00:10Z"
duration: "PT3M13S"
viewcount: "2478733"
likeCount: "40854"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Foundations"
---
{% raw %}You're watching the official lyrics video for the Foundations - Build Me Up Buttercup.<br /><br />Released in 1968, this singalong evergreen favourite was a global smash hit making number 3 in the USA, number 2 in the UK and number 1 in Australia and Canada. The song reached a whole new generation of fans 3 decades later when it was featured in closing credits of the 1998 movie &quot;There's Something About Mary&quot;. It has also been covered by artists as diverse as Yo La Tengo, Busted/McFly. Frank Turner and David Johansen of the New York Dolls.<br /><br />Buy or stream: Build Me Up Buttercup: The Best Of The Foundations: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://thefoundations.lnk.to/BestOfID">https://thefoundations.lnk.to/BestOfID</a><br /><br /><br />Lyrics<br /><br />Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup, baby<br />Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around?<br />And then worst of all (worst of all) you never call, baby<br />When you say you will (say you will) but I love you still<br />I need you (I need you) more than anyone, darlin'<br />You know that I have from the start<br />So build me up (build me up) buttercup, don't break my heart<br />&quot;I'll be over at ten, &quot; you told me time and again<br />But you're late, I wait around and then (bah dah dah)<br />I went to the door, I can't take any more<br />It's not you, you let me down again<br />baby, baby, try to find<br />(Hey, hey, hey) a little time and I'll make you mine<br />(Hey, hey, hey) I'll be home<br />I'll be beside the phone waiting for you<br />Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh<br />Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup, baby<br />Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around?<br />And then worst of all (worst of all) you never call, baby<br />When you say you will (say you will) but I love you still<br />I need you (I need you) more than anyone, darlin'<br />You know that I have from the start<br />So build me up (build me up) buttercup, don't break my heart<br />You were my toy but I could be the boy you adore<br />If you'd just let me know (bah dah dah)<br />Although you're untrue, I'm attracted to you all the more<br />Why do I need you so?<br />baby, baby, try to find<br />(Hey, hey, hey) a little time and I'll make you mine<br />(Hey, hey, hey) I'll be home<br />I'll be beside the phone waiting for you<br />Ooh ooh ooh, ooh ooh ooh<br />Why do you build me up (build me up) buttercup, baby<br />Just to let me down (let me down) and mess me around?<br />And then worst of all (worst of all) you never call, baby<br />When you say you will (say you will) but I love you still<br />I need you (I need you) more than anyone, darlin'<br />You know that I have from the start<br />So build me up (build me up) buttercup, don't break my heart<br />I, I, I need you more than anyone, baby<br />You know that I have from the start<br />So build me up (build me up) buttercup<br /><br />Songwriters: Tony Macauley / Mike D'Abo<br /><br />#TheFoundations #BuildMeUpButtercup #TheresSomethingAboutMary{% endraw %}
