---
title: "Rickie Fowler Gives Tips on How to Drive the Ball Further | Golf Tips | Golf Digest"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ixM5OGlPfr0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ixM5OGlPfr0"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["butch harmon","golf","rickie fowler"]
date: "2022-01-25T02:55:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-07-17T18:01:08Z"
duration: "PT2M20S"
viewcount: "284958"
likeCount: "1485"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Golf Digest"
---
{% raw %}Rickie Fowler show Golf Digest how to drive the ball further with some insight from Butch Harmon.<br /><br /><br /><br />Transcript<br /><br /> (pleasant music)<br /><br /> Oh yeah.<br /><br /> Right down...<br /><br /> Oh, hey, boys.<br /><br /> What is that?<br /><br /> About ?<br /><br />  if I'm talking conservatively.<br /><br /> ?<br /><br /> You must be kidding me.<br /><br /> I mean, the wind was in my face, so maybe...<br /><br /> You wanna see what  looks like?<br /><br /> Show it to him, Rick.<br /><br /> (dramatic music)<br /><br /> (launching noises)<br /><br /> Now that's what  looks like.<br /><br /> You couldn't hit a  downhill on ice.<br /><br /> So together, we're like .<br /><br /> (intense music)<br /><br /> Yeah, maybe we should go help 'em out.<br /><br /> Yeah, no kidding.<br /><br /> Guys, oh guys!<br /><br /> Guys!<br /><br /> You know, Rickie, you have experience of hitting the ball<br /><br /> not only long, but accurate.<br /><br /> You're one of the leaders in the category of overall<br /><br /> driving which is linked in accuracy.<br /><br /> What are some of the keys you use when you really need to<br /><br /> step up and hit one and catch a little more yardage?<br /><br /> If I'm going to try and get one out there a little<br /><br /> further, I'd say one of the first things at setup<br /><br /> I think about is just a little wider stance.<br /><br /> [Butch] Because it drops your spine a little<br /><br /> behind the ball to start with.<br /><br /> Yeah, you're able to, like you say, come up behind<br /><br /> the ball, really load into the right side and<br /><br /> then you're able to drive from there.<br /><br /> The second one being is the takeaway, just making sure<br /><br /> I'm deliberate, a little slower, which will in turn<br /><br /> probably be about normal speed when you're trying to<br /><br /> hit one harder.<br /><br /> I like that thought because when you think about<br /><br /> hitting one hard, the average person gets fast going<br /><br /> back, slow coming down, so if you can be a little more<br /><br /> deliberate with that takeaway, lets you get that good<br /><br /> windup.<br /><br /> Good windup, you stay in rhythm so then you can go ahead<br /><br /> and deliver the club properly from there.<br /><br /> To last thing, once I've got it in a good position, top,<br /><br /> is really feeling like, when we talked about kind of shake<br /><br /> in the right hand, making sure I get through the ball,<br /><br /> release the club and send it.<br /><br /> I like it, let's send one!<br /><br /> (pleasant music)<br /><br /> [Rickie] See, that's how it's done.<br /><br /> Well, fellas, I'm man enough to admit when I was wrong.<br /><br /> Rickie, nice shot.<br /><br /> (dramatic music)<br /><br /> [Both] Yeah he was.<br /><br /> (energetic music)<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Still haven’t subscribed to Golf Digest on YouTube? ►► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/golfdigestyoutubesub">http://bit.ly/golfdigestyoutubesub</a><br /><br /> <br /><br />ABOUT GOLF DIGEST<br /><br />Home of the annual Hot List, instructional videos, news and trends, Golf Digest is the definitive destination for all-things golf.<br /><br />Rickie Fowler Gives Tips on How to Drive the Ball Further | Golf Tips | Golf Digest{% endraw %}
