---
title: "15 Startling Moments Of Snakes Messing With The Wrong Opponent"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/511_8gBuuHA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "511_8gBuuHA"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Startling Moments of Snakes Messing With The Wrong Opponent","wrong opponent","snake"]
date: "2022-01-22T13:47:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-21T13:20:18Z"
duration: "PT16M46S"
viewcount: "153118"
likeCount: "847"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}Snakes are deadly predators, and when they target prey, they’re usually successful. But they also have enemies that can turn the table on them. Have you ever seen a Praying Mantis handle a  snake? What about a kangaroo rat? If you want to see some wild animals that know how to deal with snakes, keep watching, as we count down 15 startling moments of snakes messing with the wrong opponent.<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “Animals That Can Defeat Crocodiles, Alligators, And Caimans”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/iG7J0wNwqT0">https://youtu.be/iG7J0wNwqT0</a><br />Watch our “15 Biggest Animals Ever Captured”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/896RawFUL7w">https://youtu.be/896RawFUL7w</a><br />Watch our “Top 13 Uncanny Favorite Meals Snakes Love To Eat”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/oqvaeTApqXw">https://youtu.be/oqvaeTApqXw</a><br /><br />Honey Badger/Badger Vs Snake<br /><br />This is not a honey badger, but a badger of some kind, most likely an American or European badger, that has killed a rattlesnake. Badgers seem to be resilient, no matter what part of the world they’re from. During this night hunt, a honey badger comes across a puff adder, and it doesn't take long for the badger to kill and eat the snake. But wait, the adder had time to bite the badger, so when the venom kicks in, it knocks the badger out. Not a problem! All that means is the honey badger will wake up to breakfast in bed.  This honey badger goes high up in a tree in search of a snake it sees. The snake slithers for its life, falling down the tree, as the honey badger climbs the tree. The honey badger then leaps back down and pursues the snake.<br /><br />The battle starts, but the honey badger gives the snake no room and overwhelms it in a matter of seconds, consuming it on the spot. Although the mole snake is not venomous, it is a formidable constrictor capable of inflicting agonizing bite wounds that can become fatal if infected. Let's see how the honey badger handles this mole snake. The snake is aiming for the badger's head. Whereas other animals may flee in search of easier prey, the honey badger approaches the situation as if it were any other, charging in headfirst regardless of the circumstances. The snake realizes this and tries to flee, but the honey badger has locked onto its prey and will not let go until it has crushed it. When the badger immobilizes the snake's jaws, the battle is over, and the badger can enjoy his well-earned meal.<br /><br />LEOPARD VS SNAKE<br /><br />This leopard encounters a python, but before he can do something worthwhile, like kill the snake for lunch, the snake manages to slither back into the water. The leopard is not keen on going into the water and kind of stays there thinking about what to do.  Pythons are an odd diet for a leopard, but because they are slow, they appear to be rather easy prey. When the leopard discovered them, the larger of the two pythons was a pregnant female,  and the smaller one was a male who was sharing her nesting burrow. Unfortunately, because he didn't learn about the sighting in time, the videographer missed the leopard fighting the python.  Even still, seeing the leopard consume the python was fascinating! This mother leopard encounters a large African rock python in the bush and growls a lot before giving the snake a few taps. If I came across a snake in the bush, I would growl and flee as fast as I could. It doesn't appear the leopard will be eating snake noodles for lunch today, but it continues harassing the snake. <br /><br />The leopard's inquisitiveness could not be ignored. She padded her way towards the python with catlike caution. She was not terrified, but rather confident and self-assured, as if she simply wanted to play with the reptile. She reached within the thicket and sank her claws into the python's huge bulk, moving quickly now. The snake had responded with alarm to the sudden aggression and was now being dragged out into the open, so there was plenty of skin to grip. The serpentine head appeared to the left of the leopard as it turned to face its assailant, preparing to strike. The python surged forward with lethal accuracy and speed. The leopard's lightning-fast paw darted out and slapped the snake back down to the ground, bringing it further out of the thicket and into the clearing. The fight between the python and the leopard lasted only a few seconds before the leopard leaped away as the python regained control.{% endraw %}
