---
title: "THINGS TO DISCUSS WITH YOUR ARCHITECT ON FIRST MEETING | Architects and clients talk"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0HBqTrWiCeY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0HBqTrWiCeY"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["architecture","interior design","things to discuss with architects"]
date: "2022-04-16T06:51:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-26T12:42:56Z"
duration: "PT8M44S"
viewcount: "128"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Home Insights"
---
{% raw %}Today’s video is going to be fruitful to those people, who have acquired their land, and are going through the construction process.<br />The best time to watch this video is right before visiting your architect. <br />Most of the time, when our clients visit us, they barely have any idea of what they want. The only thing they are sure about is the dimension of their plot. That’s why it takes a lot of time for us and our client to settle on the same page.<br />You need to discuss all your requirements with your Architect. The clearer you convey your lifestyle, the more specific and unique the outcome of your design will be. <br />I am not in any way suggesting you to design the layout yourself. Leave that to the experts. I am only asking you to communicate your wants and needs very clearly.<br />Ultimately, we all realize our needs and what we want with our house and with different spaces. But it takes a lot of valuable time if you haven’t done any research about different styles and your preferences.<br />1. Architectural Styles<br />Of course your designer is going to guide you better about different architectural styles and the interior designs which go together. But since you are starting this project, you need to have an idea about the ABCs of different styles and their features.<br />2. Basement! Yay or Nay!<br />One of the first things you need to decide is if you need to construct basement or not. Does your budget allow you to construct a basement?<br />You need to state your budget constraints, if any, so your architect can guide you if you need to go down or not. Apart from budget constraints, plot dynamics and geographical location play a vital role in deciding, how many floors can easily be dug under your ground floor.<br />3. Ground floor Requirements<br />Most of the times, our clients have a hunch, that how many rooms can fit on their plot. Or which rooms are required. But you need to prioritize them. <br />4. First Floor Requirements<br />Next thing you need to ask yourself is, what are the spaces you require on the first floor. You should be sure about these points from the scratch. You need to know, if you require any office space. if so, then can it be placed on the first floor, considering your job doesn’t require you attending any sort of visitors.<br />5. Rooftop<br />Some authorities allow limited construction on rooftop, while others don’t. You need to confirm this with your local authority.<br />6. Layout/Connections<br />At this point, I will repeat again. I am not asking you to design your own home. But you really need to mention all your desires and needs. <br />Layout or connection means the position of two or more spaces, which you want to place together.<br />7. Who is going to live in this house?<br />Next important thing you need to mention are all the residents of your house. If you have kids, which age group do they belong to? What are their current needs? <br />8. Guests<br />May be you feel like, friends visiting you should not make any significant difference on your house design. But please do mention, if you are someone who loves to throw party every other weekend or so.<br />9. Kitchen<br />Well, moving on. Another essential space you need to discuss is your kitchen. At this stage, don’t discuss the material or fixtures. Discuss your lifestyle. How frequently do you cook? Do you have any house help? If so, then do you require a separate kitchen for them?<br />10. Special Features<br />We already mentioned paintings and sculptures. If you consider such details beforehand, the time you are going to spend in revisions will be saved. Even some architects charge extra fees for the revisions. So save your time and money<br />11. Reference Images<br />We, designers, really encourage our clients to share the reference images of the designs they like or of a space they saw somewhere and really adored. But then again, we don’t want you to share a reference image and say  “ I want something like this” You need to be a little particular. Look at the reference picture and think, what is so attractive about this design? <br />12. Ceiling<br />Right now, you don’t need to discuss the ceiling design. Only mention, if high ceilings are important or not? And clearly state, if you want false ceilings later.<br />13. Rent or Resale<br />If you are building this house for any investment purpose, then convey this to your architect. They will better guide you about the features you need to focus on, to enhance the resale value of your house.<br />14. Timelines<br />One of the things, where the client and the designer suffer a communication gap are the timelines. Ask your architect to divide the design in different phases and mention the time required to cover each phase<br />16. Payments<br />Apart from timelines, the other thing which might cause you any unwanted surprises, are the payments. Again ask your architect, to make a schedule of payments, depending on the services they are providing. So if you feel like any service is not necessary or if anything is being overcharged or is out of your budget, you can drop it.{% endraw %}
