---
title: "Dry Cough Treatment | Dry Cough Home Remedy"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KBCtrjhnLF4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KBCtrjhnLF4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["cough","dry cough","dry cough home remedy"]
date: "2022-03-04T23:57:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-08T14:23:49Z"
duration: "PT5M27S"
viewcount: "106735"
likeCount: "820"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Medinaz"
---
{% raw %}Dry Cough Treatment | Dry Cough Home Remedy<br />Home remedies for cough | <br />0:00 Introduction<br />0:11 What is dry cough<br />0:37 What are the causes of dry cough<br />01:03 Honey for dry cough<br />01:45 Salt water gargle for dry cough<br />02:09 Humidifier to treat cough<br />02:30 Ginger for dry cough<br />03:14 Thyme<br />03:49 Marshmallow roots<br />04:05 Peppermint<br />04:31 Cough Medications<br /><br />What is cough?<br />A cough is nothing but a reflex action that clears your airway of irritants and mucus.<br /><br />Types of cough: productive and nonproductive. A productive cough produces phlegm or mucus, clearing it from the lungs and a nonproductive cough doesn’t produce phlegm or mucus. This nonproductive cough is commonly known as Dry cough<br /><br />What are the common causes of dry cough<br />Airway hyper-responsiveness - Asthma is one of the most common causes of dry cough other than that <br />GERD<br />Postnasal drip and<br />Viral infection can also cause dry cough<br />Environmental irritants<br />ACE inhibitors<br />Whooping cough<br />Collapsed lung<br />Lung cancer and<br />Heart failure<br /><br /><br />Home remedies for dry cough/ Treatment for dry cough includes:<br />1. Honey<br />Honey has antibacterial and wound healing properties. It can also help to coat the throat, which reduces irritation, pain and inflammation.<br /><br />2. Salt water gargle<br />Gargling with warm salt water is one of the simplest and most effective home remedies.<br />The salt here pulls out the mucus from your swollen and inflamed tissue. <br />Salt water gargling helps to relieve the discomfort and scratchy throat.<br /><br />3.Humidifier:<br />Turn on the cool mist humidifier to increase the moisture in your room.<br />Steam from a warm shower looses the mucus and can moisturize and soothe your sore throat. You can also take a steam from hot water in any container. <br /><br />4. Ginger:<br />Ginger is very beneficial for dry cough. It can suppress the cough reflex by relaxing the smooth muscles of the airways. <br />It also has antibacterial and anti-inflammatory properties which relieve pain and discomfort.<br /><br />5. Thyme:<br />Thyme contains a compound called thymol that is believed to have antispasmodic effects. It can help relax the smooth muscles of the throat.<br />Thyme is safe for occasional use only. <br /><br />6. Marshmallow root<br /><br />It is used in cough syrup and in lozenges to soothe dry cough.<br />A study found that it’s an effective treatment for soothing the throat and reducing the irritation caused by dry cough.<br />Marshmallow root also have antibacterial properties.<br /><br />7. Peppermint:<br />Peppermint contains menthol, which helps to numb nerve endings in the throat that become irritated by coughing. This may provide pain relief and reduce the urge to cough. Peppermint also helps to reduce congestion<br /><br />8. Antitussive cough syrup:<br />Antitussive cough medications work by reducing the cough reflex. This lessens the desire to cough, making them especially beneficial for dry coughs.<br />Some antitussives contain codeine and are available by prescription only. Others are available over the counter. These typically contain active ingredients, such as dextromethorphan, camphor, or menthol<br /><br /><br />If you are not sure what’s causing it, then consult your doctor to figure out the best course of treatment. In the meantime, a combination of home remedies and OTC medications can provide some relief.<br /><br /><br /><br />#drycough<br />#cough<br />#drycoughtreatment<br />#drycoughomeremedies{% endraw %}
