---
title: "How to Create a Website in 9 Simple Steps 🎯"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QaDDu8g2gGo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QaDDu8g2gGo"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["how to create a website","how to make a website","how to build a website"]
date: "2022-02-28T00:19:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-25T06:51:55Z"
duration: "PT16M50S"
viewcount: "1222"
likeCount: "44"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Site Starters"
---
{% raw %}🧨How to Create a Website in 9 Simple Steps🎯<br />1️⃣ 👉 Get Hostinger SAVE 90% off! ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3iv5q56">https://bit.ly/3iv5q56</a><br />     📖 Read Hostinger Review ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/hostinger-review/">https://sitestarters.net/hostinger-review/</a><br />2️⃣ 👉 Get Bluehost at $2.95/mo ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3Foli38">https://bit.ly/3Foli38</a> <br />     📖Read Bluehost Review ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sitestarters.net/bluehost-review/">https://sitestarters.net/bluehost-review/</a><br /><br />In this video I get into the 9 basic steps that you need to keep in mind when creating your website. This video will easily introduce you to the world of creating a website.<br /><br />How's it going, everybody? Welcome back. And today, we're going to be going through nine simple steps to create a website. Okay. And you know, this will entail a whole bunch of steps that you can actually research on your own. We're just going to be getting through the basics. You know, I want to make a couple of recommendations, obviously, for web hosting services that could help you get started with your website. Okay, so before we begin, if you guys are interested in the two recommendations today, so that will be hosting or and Bluehost, you will find links to pricing and discounts in the description down below. As well as full reviews. If you'd like to learn more about these web hosting services, I'm not going to be talking about too much detail, I just want to give you guys a little bit of what it looks like to create a website. And okay, let's get started. Now, again, there are nine steps. And the first step is to choose the perfect domain. Okay, you want to make it easy to say and spell it has to be short and sweet. You know, you want to go with.com.org or dotnet. If you're using a if you're creating a personal blog, website, or portfolio, if it's something personal, you want to use your name, and you want to always avoid numbers and hyphens, because it makes it look weird in the URL. Plus, it makes it harder for people to say what your what your URL is to others, okay. Now, when it comes to domain names, with hosting her, you won't get a free a free domain name unless you go with the premium. But with a Bluehost, you will be able to get yourself a free domain name for a year, even if you go with the cheapest, most basic single shared hosting plan. Okay, so keep that in mind. Now, I would recommend generally to go with the pro version. But you know, with Bluehost, you can actually get by you do get more features with Bluehost. If you go with the basic over hosting Grz Basic Plan. Again, hosting is basic plan, you're not going to get much unless you go with the premium plan, which is also roughly the same price as Bluehost basic plan. Okay, so that's the first thing step two, is that you want to get a web hosting and free domain registration with either hosting or premium plan or the Bluehost basic plan. Okay. So once you do that a website just needs two things really to go live a domain name and a web host. And you just need to make your choice really, and me personally, I recommend either Bluehost or hosting or personally, if you are a beginner, I would just go with Bluehost I think Bluehost is a little more user friendly, but they're both super easy to use anyways. Okay, and once you sign up with your hosting service, you will be able to claim your domain. And obviously, once you just sign up and everything and you're logged in and you put in your information and your billing details and whatnot, you will be able to claim, you'll get the option to claim your domain and you'll be able to, you know, select whatever domain I'm sure you have something in mind. Again, it really depends on your brand. If it's a blog, you know, make sure it's your name or something as simple as it can be okay, something that people can easily memorize. Okay, now step four is that you want to install WordPress with hosting or, or Bluehost, whichever you decide to go with. Now, for me, personally, I'm going to be using Bluehost as an example, simply because it's just my personal choice. That's what I recommend. And, you know, once I'm logged, once you're logged in and everything, you have your cPanel you can just on home, you can go to your sites, but you won't have any sites. So for you, you can just click customize your site, and you'll be taken to a page that looks like this. And of course, if you want to access your cPanel just go to Advanced, same thing with hosting or you know, on the dashboard. Here's your H panel. Thank you guys very much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Have a wonderful day.<br /><br />- DISCLOSURE -<br /><br />I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any VPN provider. This means I might make money when you purchase paid services through the links provided and I might be able to offer discounts when available. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide reviews and tutorials without bias. So, if you enjoyed the content consider using my affiliate links.<br /><br />hope you enjoy my How to Create a Website in 9 Simple Steps video.<br /><br />#HowtoCreateaWebsite<br />#CreateaWebsite<br />#SimpleStepsforCreatingaWebsite{% endraw %}
