---
title: "What is a Sedentary Lifestyle?  Why Being Inactive is Very Dangerous to your health"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GamqApR8Qs0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GamqApR8Qs0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["what is a sedentary lifestyle","sedentary lifestyle","sedentary lifestyle health risk"]
date: "2022-05-10T23:49:49+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-25T12:00:04Z"
duration: "PT10M46S"
viewcount: "2885"
likeCount: "92"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Simplified Health Tips"
---
{% raw %}Today we discuss what is a sedentary lifestyle as well as why being inactive can be detrimental to your health.<br /><br />Subscribe here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/SubscribeToSHT">http://bit.ly/SubscribeToSHT</a><br /><br />Chapters: <br />0:00 – What is the Sedentary Lifestyle<br />1:27 – Sedentary Lifestyle Effects on Your body<br />2:45 – Sedentary Lifestyle Health Risks<br />4:00 – How to Change Sedentary Lifestyle<br />6:26 – Sedentary Lifestyle at Work<br />7:24 – Be Less Sedentary at Work<br />8:44 - Sedentary Lifestyle at School<br /><br />Wouldn't you love being huddled up in bed for a whole day? Think about it; no schedules, no superiors screaming down on your neck, and certainly annoying colleagues. Just you and your computer at home. Sounds enticing I'm sure. This is the kind of life that most people have become used to, especially since COVID-19 forced a global stay-at-home action. This lifestyle is called a Sedentary Lifestyle.<br /><br />A sedentary lifestyle is an inactive lifestyle, especially physically. It allows you to spend hours or even the entire day in an inactive state, without performing any physical activity or burning sufficient calories. This lifestyle might seem like what you want until you consider the consequences.<br /><br />Technology has played a role in this. Now, from the comfort of your home or car, you can close important business deals or attend different meetings without having to be physically present. This has encouraged more sedentary ways of living; our hobbies have become sedentary as we have now substituted hobbies that involve healthy physical activities for playing video games or watching Tv. <br /><br />Living too comfortably can have catastrophic effects on your body. The human body is designed to engage in constant physical activities so as to maintain its overall health and fitness. There are several ways in which these inactive lifestyles can affect your body. Some of them include;<br /><br />● An inactive lifestyle makes you burn fewer calories and as a result makes you gain additional weight.<br /><br />● Due to reduced muscle use living a sedentary lifestyle, your muscles may become weakened as you will lose muscle strength and endurance as a result of not using your muscles as frequently as you should.<br /><br />● Your bones also may become weakened as a result of your inactivity and lose most of its mineral content. <br /><br />● Sedentary lifestyles can negatively affect your metabolism. Inactive lifestyles make it difficult for your body to break down sugar and fats.<br /><br />● Inactive lifestyles may also lower the efficiency of your immune system in fighting off infections.<br /><br />● You may also experience poor blood circulation as a result of an inactive lifestyle.<br /><br />● Inactive lifestyles may also cause you to be more prone to infections and inflammations.<br /><br />● You are also prone to hormonal imbalances as a result of living an inactive lifestyle.<br /><br />#SedentaryLifestyle #InactiveLifestyle #Sedentary<br /><br />Please subscribe to Simplified Health Tips for many more videos on this and other topics of health and wellness. Make us your number one place for health information similar to Medgeeks, Mayo Clinic and Webmd. Great USMLE nursing school study material.<br />This presentation contains images that were used under a Creative Commons License. Click here to see the full list of images and attributions:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://link.attribute.to/cc/1599084">https://link.attribute.to/cc/1599084</a><br /><br />About Us:<br />Welcome to Simplified Health Tips. Your source for credible information for achieving &amp; maintain optimal health &amp; nutrition. Please subscribe for well researched facts &amp; expert opinion on health and wellness. From proven natural cures to new medical research we cover women's health, men's health and public health.<br /><br />We got you covered whether you're into medical terminology &amp; common ailments such as high blood pressure or if you're interested in natural remedies, holistic healing, organic beauty &amp; alternate medicine such as Ayurveda.<br /><br />We aim to improve global health &amp; health literacy so we bring you that much needed natural cure, holistic health tips, ideas like homesteading as well as simple versions of complex medical information from sites such as webmd and mayo clinic. Great if you're studying for the USMLE step 1.<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: The information on this channel is NOT MEDICAL ADVICE. Please CONSULT YOUR DOCTOR / family medicine practitioner before applying the tips in our videos.{% endraw %}
