---
title: "Fred James - Life Is Hard"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/i4ZSIDo6tdA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "i4ZSIDo6tdA"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Fred","James","Life"]
date: "2022-03-08T16:59:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-05-06T09:47:36Z"
duration: "PT6M1S"
viewcount: "47275"
likeCount: "817"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Orange Grey Matter"
---
{% raw %}Uploaded By â–º Orange Grey Matter <br />''Enjoy Your Day'' Buy Album <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://t.ly/52e1b">https://t.ly/52e1b</a> ''Import'' by Fred James #Blues, Modern Blues. About, Nashville producer Fred James is as much a documentarian as he is musician and entrepreneur, and his Bluesland Productions is considered one of the world's foremost independent music companies devoted to blues, soul, and American roots music. On February 3, 1954, Fred James was born in San Antonio, TX, the family moving to Wichita, KS, where he was raised. His father, Fred James, Sr., is a noted jazz trumpet player who recorded with the Johnny Harris Quartet in the '70s. His uncle, Doug James, is a New York studio musician who has worked with Paul Butterfield, Orleans, Blood, Sweat &amp; Tears, and many others. With radio in the mid-'60s being very eclectic, and with jazz and blues constantly played around the house while he was growing up, Fred found that he liked it all, inspirations and influences coming from Louis Armstrong, Elvis Presley, Otis Redding, Buck Owens, and, according to the producer/musician, &quot;all of the rock groups.&quot; His first attendance at a concert was the Jimmy Smith Trio with the Ramsey Lewis Trio; the second was a Dick Clark road show with Freddy &quot;Boom Boom&quot; Cannon, Keith Allison, Paul Revere &amp; the Raiders, and the Animals. To say his family is musical is an understatement, with two of his brothers also in the business as recording artists and studio musicians. James moved to Nashville in 1973, as it was still wide open to young talent in those days. He immediately found work in the studios and on the road with artists like Billy Joe Shaver, Vern Gosdin, and Townes Van Zandt, among others. Listed in Frets magazine as one of Nashville's top studio musicians, James had an artistic side that also leaned toward pursuing a career in songwriting. While writing for Mel Tillis' publishing company, he got his first cut with the Cornelius Brothers &amp; Sister Rose. In 1977 he recorded his first LP, Alfred James, for the tiny Cascade label. By the early '80s James was playing guitar with Dr. Hook and the band was using the Memphis Horns to augment the lineup. When the tour was over, James was asked to become the singer and guitarist with the Memphis Horns. He did this for the next two years until the Horns became too busy in the studio to continue live work. At this point he began writing for Audigram Music, home of J.J. Cale. He wrote &quot;Full Moon on Main Street,&quot; which was nominated for a W.C. Handy Award as Best Blues Song of 1987. The following year he wrote &quot;Lightning&quot; for Johnny Winter's Winter of '88 album. The success of these two songs enabled James to start his own publishing company and really pursue the thriving &quot;blues boom&quot; of the '90s. Song after song started being recorded by artists like Koko Taylor, Johnny Winter, Junior Wells with Bonnie Raitt, Son Seals, C.J. Chenier, Katie Webster, and Charlie Musselwhite, and James secured five Grammy nominations in the process. He formed Freddie &amp; the Screamers with members of the Amazing Rhythm Aces and Willie Dixon's band. The group recorded four CDs for various small labels in Europe, Australia, and the U.S.<br />Lyrics: Life Is Hard<br />Life ain't easy<br />It's a long, hard, rocky road<br />Well it's dog, dog eat dog<br />And survival of the fittest, so I'm told<br />No matter how hard you try<br />Life is hard and then you die<br />This old world is a tangle<br />You can't trust your closest friend<br />You know the devil wears a blue dress<br />And she's out to get you in the end<br />I can't count the tears I cry<br />Life is hard and then you die<br />Yeah, it's hard<br />Everybody<br />Got their own cross to bear<br />Black or white, rich or poor<br />You know the blues is everywhere<br />Just keep reaching for the sky<br />Life is hard and then you die<br /><br />Welcome to Orange Grey Matter! ğ…ğ¨ğ¥ğ¥ğ¨ğ° ğ”ğ¬<br />â¥ ğ…ğšğœğğ›ğ¨ğ¨ğ¤: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://is.gd/3cOVbl">https://is.gd/3cOVbl</a><br />â¥ ğ’ğ¨ğ®ğ§ğ ğ‚ğ¥ğ¨ğ®ğ: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://is.gd/irByqU">https://is.gd/irByqU</a><br />â¥ ğ“ğ°ğ¢ğ­ğ­ğğ«: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://t.ly/n1zLB">https://t.ly/n1zLB</a><br /> Orange Grey Matter loves music and artists.<br />Orange Grey Matter is about the music. My mission is to promote lesser known Blues &amp; Rock artists and to convey the feeling of art in my videos. Enjoy my playlists that contain selection of the best tunes I've curated over the years. Music Grey Matter Records It is the owner of the channel. The tracks and the content is used in agreement with the artists.<br />On my website you can find more information about some of the artists and read interesting articles about the Blues &amp; Rock Music. Coming Soon<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://orangegreymatter.blogspot.com/">https://orangegreymatter.blogspot.com/</a><br />I'd like to have your music on my channel so I can promote the music producers through in it. Send me your promo. Contact e-mail: ioaninio@hÎ¿tmail.com{% endraw %}
