---
title: "MAKE BETTER DECISIONS | Subliminal Affirmations & Relaxing Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/EIjyRWkXU3I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "EIjyRWkXU3I"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["30 minute mindset","make better decisions subliminal","subliminal affirmations relaxing music"]
date: "2022-05-31T02:02:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-01-17T20:05:44Z"
duration: "PT30M1S"
viewcount: "9549"
likeCount: "178"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "30 Minute Mindset"
---
{% raw %}Train your subconscious mind to make better decisions with this relaxing 30 minute subliminal affirmations session designed to help you:<br /><br /> ►make clear, informed decisions<br /> ►have greater mental clarity and be open to all possibilities<br /> ►eliminate the tendency to act rashly or procrastinate<br /> ►forgive yourself for past bad decision making and concentrate on the present<br /> ►be more emotionally intelligent<br /><br />This 30 minute subliminal session contains the following binaural beats:<br /><br />☯9.0 Hz  (beat frequency, alpha waves): for mental stability and resourcefulness, this frequency is known to  provide a bridge between the conscious and subconscious mind <br />☯144.72 (base frequency): for strength of will, focused energy, and the ability for achievement<br /><br /><br />INSTRUCTIONS<br /><br />Listen to the track at a comfortable volume, with or without headphones. The subliminal does not need to be played loudly, but it does need to be audible. Avoid listening to other things simultaneously such as TV, music, or any medium where you can hear someone else talking or singing, as this can reduce the effectiveness of the subliminal. Try to put yourself into a positive and relaxed state of mind before listening. Take deep breaths, and keep well hydrated. <br /><br />If you choose to listen while awake, it is best to do while relaxing or engaging in other passive activities such as reading or studying. You may also choose to listen while sleeping, either for the first 30 minutes of sleep or as you are drifting off to sleep, or by looping the video to listen throughout the night. You do not need to watch the screen to benefit from this recording. <br /><br />Consistency is key. For best results, listen every day, preferably at the same time each day, for a minimum of 2-4 weeks. Once per day is sufficient. Results are highly individual, and some people begin to experience positive changes much sooner than others, but for full and long lasting results, it is recommended that you listen for 4-12 weeks. <br /><br />Subliminal affirmations can cause drowsiness and inattention. Never listen while driving, operating machinery or engaging in other potentially dangerous activities which require your full attention. <br /><br />This track is NOT a substitute for proper medical care or advice. It should always be viewed as a supplement to any medical or therapeutic treatment you are already receiving. If you are under the age of 18, please obtain permission from a parent or guardian before listening.<br /><br />As with any complimentary therapy, results are highly individual and therefore cannot be guaranteed or predicted. For best results, listen as directed above. <br /><br /><br />SUPPORT THIS CHANNEL<br /><br />This channel is ad-free and always will be. If you enjoy the content, please consider making a donation to help it continue and improve! Any amount is welcome:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://paypal.me/30MinuteMindset2">https://paypal.me/30MinuteMindset2</a><br /><br />ORDER A CUSTOM SUBLIMINAL<br /><br />For $25 USD, I can create a custom subliminal audio for you. Please contact me (Rebecca) at 30minutemindset@gmail.com for full details and terms. <br /><br /><br />SUBLIMINAL AFFIRMATIONS<br />(both &quot;I&quot; and &quot;You&quot; versions are contained in the audio)<br /><br />I am a strong minded person.<br />I am thoughtful and decisive.<br />I am a competent decision maker.<br />I make excellent choices in life.<br />I am emotionally intelligent.<br />I can emotionally detach from my problems.<br />I can easily step back from a problem and observe it with detachment.<br />I concentrate on the present. <br />I let go of all memories of previous bad decisions. <br />I am an intelligent person who learns from past mistakes.<br />I can easily see both sides of a situation.<br />I can easily consider all possibilities.<br />I consider all outcomes before making a decision.<br />I can relax and take my time to make a thoughtful decision.<br />I take time to carefully weigh and consider each option.<br />I can easily let go of the need to act rashly or emotionally.<br />I release the urge to be impulsive.<br />I stop and think before I act.<br />I detach from the fear of making decisions.<br />I easily avoid impulsive decision making.<br />I easily avoid making decisions on bad days.<br />I only make decisions when I'm feeling emotionally well and stable.<br />I maintain a healthy balance between weighing decisions and acting on them.<br />I release all need for perfection.<br />I release all fears of making a final decision.<br />I release all my worries and fears of the decision making process.<br />I can easily stop procrastinating.<br />I feel so much better when I allow myself to make a decision.<br />I trust in my ability to make a good, informed decision.<br />I am a competent person who makes great decisions.<br />I feel so much better when I take the time to make an informed decision.<br />I enjoy making informed decisions.<br /><br /><br />SUBSCRIBE<br /><br />►Subscribe for more:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/30MinuteMindset">https://www.youtube.com/c/30MinuteMindset</a><br /><br /><br />CREDITS<br /><br />Music: &quot;Angel Share&quot; Kevin MacLeod (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://incompetech.com)">http://incompetech.com)</a><br />Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</a><br /><br /><br />30 Minute Mindset Copyright 2019 <br /><br />#30minutemindset<br />#makebetterdecisionssubliminal<br />#makebetterdecisionssubliminalaffirmations{% endraw %}
