---
title: "Diabetes Diet Plan II Diabetes Foods to Eat II Diabetes Plate Method II Blood Sugar Control Tips"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wn0sB1rDNIc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wn0sB1rDNIc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["#diabetes","#diabetes diet plan","#diabetes foods to eat"]
date: "2022-04-27T11:45:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-05T06:37:47Z"
duration: "PT4M49S"
viewcount: "220967"
likeCount: "2089"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Medinaz"
---
{% raw %}Diabetes Diet Plan II Diabetes Foods to Eat II Diabetes Plate Method II Blood Sugar Control Tips II Diabetes control tips<br /><br />List of common non-starchy vegetables: <br />cabbage, chayote daikon, eggplant, fennel, gourds (bitter melon), greens (collard, kale, mustard), green beans, jicama, kohlrabi, mushrooms, okra, onions, pea pods and sugar snap peas, peppers, rutabaga, summer squash (yellow, zucchini), tomato, turnips, and water chestnuts.<br /><br />Proteins from animal sources:<br /> Chicken, turkey, and eggs<br /> Fish like salmon, cod, tuna, tilapia, or swordfish<br /> Shellfish like shrimp, scallops, clams, mussels, or lobster<br /> Lean beef cuts such as chuck, round, sirloin, flank, or tenderloin<br /> Lean pork cuts such as center loin chop or tenderloin<br /> Lean deli meats<br /> Cheese and cottage cheese<br /><br />Plant-based sources of proteins are:<br /> Beans, lentils, hummus, and falafel Nuts and nut butters<br /> Edamame <br /> Tofu and tempeh<br /> Plant-based meat substitutes<br /><br />Examples of carbohydrate foods:<br />Whole grains such as brown rice, bulgur, oats/oatmeal, polenta, popcorn, quinoa, and whole grain products (bread, pasta, tortillas)<br />Starchy vegetables such as acorn squash, butternut squash, green peas, parsnips, plantain, potato, pumpkin, and sweet potato.<br />Beans and legumes such as black, kidney, pinto, and garbanzo beans<br />Fruits and dried fruit<br />Dairy products like milk, yogurt, and milk substitutes (i.e. soy milk)<br /><br /><br />For more such fun, medicine &amp; healthcare related, colourful illustrations - SUBSCRIBE TO OUR CHANNEL!!! Visit our website for more amazing content.<br /><br /><br /><br />YouTube: Medinaz <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCa81ol3LHXziCot4uAGUXEQ">https://m.youtube.com/channel/UCa81ol3LHXziCot4uAGUXEQ</a><br /><br />Instagram: medinaz_academy <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/medinaz_academy?igshid=1wxpmokv4i8kv">https://instagram.com/medinaz_academy?igshid=1wxpmokv4i8kv</a><br /><br />Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://medinaz.com/">https://medinaz.com/</a><br /><br />App: Available on android and iOS devices.<br /><br /><br /><br />Medical disclaimer: Medinaz Academy does not provide medical advice. The content available in our books and videos, on our website, or on our social media handles do not provide a diagnosis or other recommendation for treatment and are not a substitute for the professional judgment of a healthcare professional in diagnosis and treatment of any person or animal. We intend to provide educational information only. The determination of the need for medical services and the types of healthcare to be provided to a patient are decisions that should be made only by a physician or other licensed health care provider. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified healthcare provider with any questions you have regarding a medical condition.{% endraw %}
