---
title: "Hurrem Came to Palace | Magnificent Century"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pKJ6wyabWVU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pKJ6wyabWVU"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Magnificent century","Maginificent century english","magnificent century full episodes"]
date: "2022-05-09T10:57:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-08T14:00:13Z"
duration: "PT8M1S"
viewcount: "20796"
likeCount: "310"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Magnificent Century"
---
{% raw %}Hurrem Came to Palace | Magnificent Century <br />&quot;THE LAST TIME FOR HER!&quot;  Magnificent Century Episode 134: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/Qv6YCOykUd0">https://youtu.be/Qv6YCOykUd0</a><br /><br />Winter begins on the Magnificent Century!<br />Nothing will be the same anymore!<br />Suleiman is getting ready to say good bye to Hürrem whom he has challenged the whole world for.<br />Mihrimah gets devasted when she finds out the truth about Hürrem. Selim and Bayezid arrives to the capital and truce with each other for Hürrem. Hürrem finds out about the secret that has been kept for years and she settles old scores with his mortal enemy İbrahim upon his grave. <br />Hürrem learns about Nurbanu's desire for the throne and orders for her to be killed. The construction of Süleymaniye Mosque which represents Suleiman's power gets complited. Everyone gets shocked about Hürrem's wish from Suleiman. Sultana Hürrem who has ruled the whole world welcomes the death in Suleiman's arms. As time stops in the palace, an eternal winter begins for Suleiman...<br />Suleiman gets aware that Hürrem whom he's the prisoner of her love for is close to death. Suleiman hides his sorrow and tries to make Hürrem happy. Hürrem's only wish  is to see all her loved once coming together. <br />Bayezid returns to the palace and learns Defne has given birth. As Defne waits for the day she will be executed, Bayezid has to make a choice between his mercy and rage. <br />Selim can't shake off the shock but he feels peaceful with Nurbanu's arrival. Selim and Bayezid gets shocked by the news they reveived from Suleiman. <br />Selim and Bayezid truce with each other for Hürrem to feel peaceful. However, Hürrem is aware of there is a storm brewing up that will blow up in her absence. Make Rüstem swear to stop the war between her princes. However, it's not possible to not to bow to the inevitable.<br />Mihrimah gets devasted when she learns about her mother's illness and throw herself in Rüstem's arms but she gets devastated by Rüstem's reckless attitude. A surprising news makes everyone happy, especially Mihrimah and Rüstem. <br />Suleiman's heart Suleimaniye gets opened. Hürrem has one last wish from Suleiman. As Hürrem gasps her life out in Suleiman's arms, the life loses its meaning for Suleiman.<br /><br />At the age of 26, when he ascended to the throne, Sultan Suleiman aimed to build an empire more powerful than Alexander the Great and to render the Ottomans invincible. Throughout his 46-year reign, he became the greatest warrior and ruler of both East and West.<br /><br />The young Suleiman received news of his succession to the throne during a hunting party in 1520. Unaware that he would be ruling a reign beyond his dreams, he left behind his wife son and took to the road with his close friend and companion Pargali Ibrahim to reach the Topkapi Palace in Istanbul. As they started their journey overland, an Ottoman ship set sail from Crimea in the Black Sea, bringing female slaves as gifts for the Ottoman palace… On this ship was Alexandra La Rossa, the daughter of a Ukrainian Orthodox minister, taken away from her family and sold to the Crimean palace. She had no idea that she would become Hurrem, wife of Sultan Suleiman and mother of princes, ruling the empire with him through bloodshed and intrigue. <br /><br />As Sultan Suleiman conquered the world, his great passion for Hurrem would clash with his love for and trust in his closest friend and advisor, Grand Vizier Pargali Ibrahim, all set against the backdrop of the tension between Christian Europe and the Ottoman Empire in the 16th century.<br /><br />Cast: Halit Ergenç, Nebahat Çehre, Meryem Uzerli, Okan Yalabık, Nur Aysan, Selma Ergeç, Sema Keçik, Filiz Ahmet, Selim Bayraktar, Selen Öztürk, Nihan Büyükağaç, Burcu Tuna, Merve Oflaz, Arif Erkin, Ali Uyandıran, Alp Öyken, Murat Tüzün, Doğan Turan, Gökhan Çelebi, Yüksel Ünal.<br /><br />Official Page of Magnificent Century: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://eng.tims.tv/diziler/magnificent-century">http://eng.tims.tv/diziler/magnificent-century</a><br />Official Twitter Page of Magnificent Century: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/MYAskiderun">https://twitter.com/MYAskiderun</a><br />Official Facebook Page of Tims: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/NXjRta">https://goo.gl/NXjRta</a><br />Official Twitter Page of Tims: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/yVvgH0">https://goo.gl/yVvgH0</a><br /><br />#tims #magnificentcentury #muhtesemyuzyil #suleiman #hurrem #sultan #ottoman{% endraw %}
