---
title: "Here Are 5 Commonly Held Myths about the Jesus of the Bible"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1cTX7gbXZyk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1cTX7gbXZyk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Tomorrow's World","Myths about Jesus","disproving myths about Jesus"]
date: "2022-05-20T00:14:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-19T00:00:01Z"
duration: "PT20M50S"
viewcount: "3409"
likeCount: "334"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Tomorrow's World"
---
{% raw %}To learn more about God's love for the world get our FREE Book: &quot;JOHN 3:16 Hidden Truths of the Golden Verse&quot; :<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3PhXink">https://bit.ly/3PhXink</a>    Why is this free? We are determined to follow Jesus’ command to &quot;freely give&quot; (Matthew 10:8).<br /><br />Professing Christians know that Jesus gave His life for mankind, but what else do they know about Jesus and why He came to earth as a human being? On today’s Tomorrow’s World program, we’ll expose five myths about the Jesus of the Bible. He is, as Bruce Barton wrote, The Man Nobody Knows.<br /><br />How surprising that is, when the world’s largest collective religious body claims to worship Him.<br /><br />John 3:16 is perhaps the most famous of all verses, yet one that says something very different from what people think. Stay tuned!<br /><br />As surprising as it may be, commonly held beliefs indicate much misunderstanding about the Savior of the world.<br /><br />The first myth is a major doctrine found among some Christian denominations. <br />It’s amazing what people accept as truth simply because that is what their priest tells them, without ever investigating it for themselves from the only authoritative book about the life of Jesus. So,<br /><br />Myth #1: Jesus’ mother was a perpetual virgin<br /><br />This myth has far-reaching implications.<br /><br />Scriptures mention Jesus having brothers and sisters, but some allege that these verses refer to either cousins or disciples. What are we to believe? Should we follow traditions handed down to us that conflict with easy-to-understand scripture? Or should we believe the Bible? You be the judge!<br /><br />The false narrative of Jesus’ mother remaining a perpetual virgin and Jesus having no siblings is soundly contradicted in John 7, beginning in verse 3:<br /><br />His brothers therefore said to Him, “Depart from here and go into Judea, that Your disciples also may see the works that You are doing. For no one does anything in secret while he himself seeks to be known openly. If You do these things, show Yourself to the world.” For even His brothers did not believe in Him (John 7:3–5).<br /><br />So much for “His brothers” referring to disciples! This does not mean that He never referred to His followers as being brothers, only that He had “brothers” who were not disciples.<br /><br />Another scriptural example of His blood family is found in Matthew 12, verses 47–50, where there is a clear distinction between His physical family and His spiritual family:<br /><br />Then one said to Him, “Look, Your mother and Your brothers are standing outside, seeking to speak with You.” But He answered and said to the one who told Him, “Who is My mother and who are My brothers?” And He stretched out His hand toward His disciples and said, “Here are My mother and My brothers! For whoever does the will of My Father in heaven is My brother and sister and mother” (Matthew 12:47–50).<br /><br />These references to brothers cannot be shrugged off easily.<br /><br />Let’s notice another passage on this subject where sisters (plural) are mentioned. <br />Matthew 13:54–56 relates how citizens in the area where He grew up, were perplexed by the wisdom and miracles He performed:<br /><br />… when He had come to His own country, He taught them in their synagogue, so that they were astonished and said, “Where did this Man get this wisdom and these mighty works? Is this not the carpenter’s son? Is not His mother called Mary? And His brothers James, Joses, Simon, and Judas? And His sisters, are they not all with us? Where then did this Man get all these things?” (Matthew 13:54–56).<br /><br />Any objective reader who is not influenced by unfounded traditions recognizes that Matthew 1:24–25 ought to lay the question to rest.<br /><br />Then Joseph, being aroused from sleep, did as the angel of the Lord commanded him and took to him his wife, and did not know her till she had brought forth her firstborn Son. And he called His name JESUS.<br /><br />Although “firstborn son” does not necessarily mean there were others, the inference is certainly there.<br /><br />But more importantly, any student of the Bible knows that the expression “did not know her” is a euphemism for sexual relations, as we see in Genesis 4:<br /><br />Now Adam knew Eve his wife, and she conceived and bore Cain (Genesis 4:1).<br /><br />And Cain knew his wife, and she conceived and bore Enoch (Genesis 4:17).<br /><br />And Adam knew his wife again, and she bore a son and named him Seth (Genesis 4:25).<br /><br />My friends, instead of blindly following Church traditions, read the Bible for what it says!<br /><br />But you may wonder, “Is it important to know that Mary did not remain a perpetual virgin and that Jesus had half-brothers and sisters?”<br /><br />The answer is found in<br /><br />Myth #2: The narrative that  Mary is our intercessor<br /><br />Mary was the mother of Jesus and scripture indicates she was a righteous woman. <br />But the role of Mary has been grossly and blasphemously corrupted. Nowhere do we find in the Bible anything about her “immaculate conception.”<br /><br />#tomorrowsworld #twtelecast #MythsaboutJesus{% endraw %}
