---
title: "The Origin Story of Bijou"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7E_VdH8Xo4Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7E_VdH8Xo4Y"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Babywearing","Bijou Wear","Woven Wraps"]
date: "2022-04-23T02:42:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-03-25T03:49:19Z"
duration: "PT3M28S"
viewcount: "120"
likeCount: "12"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Bijou Wear"
---
{% raw %}Ever wonder how Bijou got started? Or why the focus of this woman-owned company is on community building? Jaime tells the tale of her journey into babywearing. <br /><br />Transcript below. <br /><br />[Video of Jaime, a white woman with short dark hair, speaks into the camera. Variously clips of babywearing are shown as she speaks.]<br /><br />&quot;Hello! My name is Jaime Gassmann. I'm the owner of Bijou Wear. I wanted to invite you to come hang out with us, in our online babywearing community on Facebook. It's called Bijou Buzz. It’s awesome there – fun, welcoming, helpful, supportive.<br /><br />But wait ... why am I sending you to a Facebook group instead of trying to sell you something right now? To answer that, I have to tell a little bit of the origin story of Bijou.<br /><br />My entire life I couldn't stop learning. For a long time meant going to school. And going to more school. But then I had a baby.<br /><br />The transition from building toward my dream career to full time baby care was really intense and overwhelming ... and my focus shifted but I still needed to keep ahold of that part of myself that was driven to learn. <br /><br />I wore my first child, but when he was a baby all of my energy went into learning about peer-to-peer breastfeeding support.<br /><br />I loved learning how to help people one-on-one, learning to meeting them where they were at without a trace of judgement, and also supporting them by giving them information rather than advice.<br /><br />These were all new skills for me that I did not learn in school. I was learning alot about compassion. <br /><br />When I was pregnant with my second baby, I craved a new challenge to cut through the foggy headedness of pregnancy. And I wanted him to have something that I made just for him, no hand-me-downs. <br /><br />So I started learning about babywearing: making carriers, how to dye them. And then I got interested in learning about the fibers and the textile industry. And I just kept diving in and amassing a passion for this thing I didn't even know existed before. <br /><br />At the same time this was going on, in nooks and crannies in babywearing spaces online, I saw these opportunities for truly meaningful connection among people. There were caregivers reaching out for someone to acknowledge their day-to-day lives, reaching out to feel connected to other people who understand that wiping bums is exhausting! Reaching out just to be sure they aren’t the only one struggling with a shift in their identity.<br /><br />So it all came together for me; I heard my calling. A chance to build a business that is driven by both<br />a need to connect and a need to learn.<br /><br />Babywearing has been a really fun journey of learning -- how to do it, how to perfect it, what are the differences among the carriers. I love the challenge of it, and I love that the challenge is there no matter how much or how little of it you want to take on.<br /><br />I mean, babywearing can be so simple -- one carrier, one carry, and it gets the job done beautifully. Or it can be the geekiest, most involved hobby you've EVER enjoyed.<br /><br />I love growing the Facebook group where other people can find compassion and fun and challenges -- things they need to thrive.<br /><br />Maybe you need just a few tips to help babywearing go smoothly. Maybe you are looking for something more, too. Whatever you need of it, the Buzz can offer just exactly that. <br /><br />So! Please consider this your personal invitation from me to join our Facebook group.<br /><br />I'm always there to help, or you can drop me a message here. See you in the Buzz!&quot;{% endraw %}
