---
title: "Poppy Family - Which Way You Goin' Billy (1969)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hBbmD20FuSE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hBbmD20FuSE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Canadian Pop","Susan Jacks","Terry Jacks"]
date: "2022-05-03T18:30:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2011-09-24T00:31:35Z"
duration: "PT3M20S"
viewcount: "2178394"
likeCount: "13326"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "1hit1ders"
---
{% raw %}NEW!! WATCH HIGHER QUALITY VIDEO OF THIS SONG HERE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/SdZlp2Xdf6I">https://youtu.be/SdZlp2Xdf6I</a><br />Note: Lyrics are below. This performance is from the 1970 TV show &quot;The Darin Invasion&quot; hosted by Bobby Darin.<br /><br />Group History (From Wikipedia)<br /><br />The Poppy Family was a late 1960s and early 1970s Canadian pop music group, based in Vancouver, British Columbia.<br /> <br />Seventeen year old Susan Pesklevits (b. 19 August 1948, d. 25 April 2022) met Terry Jacks (b. 29 March 1944) in the middle 1960s while she was a regular performer on a national teen TV show called Music Hop as well as many other national TV shows. She later called Jacks to accompany her on rhythm guitar for one of her live performances and eventually, with the addition of Craig McCaw on lead guitar, Susan decided to dedicate all her time to the trio. Craig McCaw introduced Satwant Singh on tablas and they became the Poppy Family. The name was chosen when Susan, Terry and Craig were searching for a new name and came across it in the dictionary. Susan and Terry were married in 1967 and Susan Pesklevits became Susan Jacks.<br /> <br />With Susan Jacks on vocals and Terry Jacks on rhythm guitar, along with musicians Craig McCaw (guitar/sitar) and Satwant Singh (tablas/drums), the group recorded their first album, from which came their best known song &quot;Which Way You Goin' Billy?&quot; (No. 1 in Canada and No. 2 on the U.S. Billboard Hot 100 charts) which was a worldwide hit. Their second and last album Poppy Seeds was recorded with studio musicians after Terry Jacks released Craig and Satwant from the group. Later hits included &quot;That's Where I Went Wrong&quot; (#9, also #27 US), 'Where Evil Grows' (#6, also #45 US), and `Good Friends?'(#10, also &quot;Bubbling Under&quot; the US chart). In the United States &quot;Which Way You Goin' Billy?&quot; and &quot;That's Where I Went Wrong&quot; were both Top 10 Adult Contemporary chart hits as well; &quot;Where Evil Grows&quot; and &quot;Good Friends?&quot; both also hit the US AC chart. The Poppy Family's first two Canadian releases were &quot;Beyond the Clouds&quot; (#75 in 1968), &quot;What Can The Matter Be?&quot; (#53 in 1969). Other releases included &quot;I Was Wondering&quot; (#10 in 1971, also US #100) and &quot;No Good To Cry&quot; (#8 in 1972), &quot;I'll See You There&quot; and &quot;Tryin'&quot;.<br /> <br />At their career peak, Susan performed &quot;Which Way You Goin' Billy?&quot; on Bobby Darin's 1970 television variety special, The Darin Invasion. They also appeared on other variety shows including Rollin' On The River with Kenny Rogers and The George Kirby Special. Although Susan enjoyed performing live, Terry was not interested and their career ultimately suffered.<br /> <br />The &quot;Which Way You Goin' Billy?&quot; single earned the group two 1970 Gold Leaf (Juno) Awards as well as two Moffatt Awards in 1970. The Juno Award is Canada's equivalent of the Grammy Award. The single version of &quot;Which Way You Goin' Billy&quot; went on to sell a total of more than 3½ million worldwide, and was awarded a gold disc.[1]<br /> <br />Terry Jacks decided to drop the Poppy Family name in early 1973 and Susan and Terry recorded two solo albums, Terry Jacks' Seasons in the Sun and Susan Jacks' I Thought of You Again. Susan left the marriage later that same year.<br /><br />Lyrics:<br /><br />Which Way You Goin', Billy (T. Jacks / London Records, Inc)<br /><br />Which way you goin', Billy?<br />Can I go too?<br />Which way you goin', Billy?<br />Can I go with you?<br /><br />I really love you, Billy,<br />And all this time,<br />I thought you loved me, Billy,<br />And you were mine.<br /><br />I'm gonna miss you, Billy,<br />And though I'm trying,<br />I'm hurtin' so bad, Billy,<br />I can't help crying.<br /><br />You are my whole, babe,<br />My heart and my soul, babe.<br />I'd have nothing to show, babe,<br />If you should go away.<br /><br />You are my whole, babe,<br />My heart and my soul, babe.<br />I'd have nothing to show, babe,<br />If you should go.<br /><br />Which way you goin', Billy?<br />Or need I ask?<br />'Cause you don't want me, Billy.<br />You're free at last.<br /><br />I won't forget you, Billy,<br />For all my life.<br />I'll always love you, Billy.<br />I'll stay your wife.<br /><br />You are my whole, babe,<br />My heart and my soul, babe.<br />I'd have nothing to show, babe,<br />If you should go away.<br /><br />You are my whole, babe,<br />My heart and my soul, babe.<br />I'd have nothing to show, babe,<br />If you should go.<br /><br />You are my whole, babe,<br />My heart and my soul, babe.<br />I'd have nothing to show, babe,<br />If you should go.{% endraw %}
