---
title: "How To Lose 15 pounds in 7 days with Peel-a-Pound Soup"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3DxS-CIJFj8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3DxS-CIJFj8"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Quick weight loss","fast weight loss","easy"]
date: "2022-02-26T08:43:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2016-01-21T17:00:00Z"
duration: "PT3M59S"
viewcount: "8073188"
likeCount: "384125"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "T-ROY COOKS"
---
{% raw %}Are you wanting to lose weight quickly without exercise? This Peel-a-Pound Soup burns more calories digesting it than your body intakes, so you lose weight quickly, plus it's healthy and tastes fantastic!!! The diet is listed in the description box. Please note, I am not a doctor or nutritionist. Use this diet at your own risk!<br /><br />The full 7 Day Diet is listed below the soup recipe.<br /><br />Recipe for Peel-a-Pound Soup<br /><br />1 large can of Stewed or Whole Tomatoes<br />1 Envelope of Onion Soup Mix (optional)<br />4 Cups of Water<br />6-7 Beef Bullion cubes (I now use Better than Bouillon)<br />1 Head of Cabbage<br />1/2 Stalk Celery<br />2 Bell Peppers<br />2 Onions<br />5 Garlic toes<br /><br />Into a large dutch oven or stock pot, add 1 large can of stewed or whole tomatoes.<br />Add 1 packet of Onion Soup mix.<br />Add 3-4 Cups water along with 6-7 Beef Bouillon cubes and mix well, then heat mixture over med-high heat until boiling.<br />While mixture is coming up to a boil, cut up your vegetables and add them to the pot. <br />Once soup is boiling, turn heat down to med-low for a slow rolling boil and cook with lid on until vegetables are tender (30-90 mins).<br /><br />7 Day Diet provided by the Heart Hospital of Baton Rouge, LA.<br /><br />1st Day:<br />Eat as much of the listed fruits as you want at each meal, plus as much of the soup as you want.<br />Apples, Oranges, Tangerines, Satsumas, Cantaloupes, Watermelons, Pears, Plums, Peaches, Papayas, and Pumpkin.<br /><br />2nd Day:<br />Eat as much of the listed vegetables as you want, plus soup, plus a baked potato.<br />Asparagus, Bean Sprouts, Broccoli, Cabbage, Cauliflower, Celery, collards, Cucumbers, Eggplant, Green Beans, Mushrooms, Okra, Peppers, Radishes, Spinach, Tomatoes, and Zucchini.<br /><br />3rd Day:<br />Eat as much of the vegetables AND fruit as you want, plus the soup.<br /><br />4th Day:<br />Throughout the day, eat 8 bananas and drink 8 glasses of skimmed milk, plus the soup. Feel free to cut up some of the bananas, place into a blender with some sugar substitute and some of the milk to make a nice shake.<br /><br />5th Day:<br />Eat as many tomatoes as you want, 1 1/2 pounds of meat (beef, pork, chicken, or fish) plus the soup.<br /><br />6th Day:<br />Eat as much of the vegetables as you want, 1 1/2 pounds of meat, plus the soup.<br /><br />7th Day:<br />Cook 1 1/3 pounds of Brown rice and eat 1/3 of the rice at each meal along with any of the vegetables, plus the soup.<br /><br /><br />Note:<br />You can have any amount of coffee or tea without sugar or cream. If you want to use a local dressing on the vegetables, you may do so. You can also have Parmesan cheese with your vegetables to help with the flavor.<br /><br />The more of the soup that you eat the better it is for you because, it is said, the soup takes more calories to burn up food value from it than it has calories itself.<br /><br />This diet was provided by the Heart Hospital of Baton Rouge, LA. <br /><br />=====================================================<br /><br />Follow T-Roy Cooks:<br /><br />Facebook: www.facebook.com/TroyCooksGoodFood<br />Twitter: twitter.com/T_ROY_COOKS <br />Pinterest: www.pinterest.com/spacecowboytx<br />Instagram: www.instagram.com/troy_cooks/<br /><br /><br />Music:<br />&quot;Nile's Blues&quot;<br />Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com)<br />Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</a>{% endraw %}
