---
title: "COVID vaccination associated with increase in cardiac arrest 911 calls?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lBK3rVM_pdk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lBK3rVM_pdk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["COVID vaccination","COVID vaccine","COVID vaccine side effects"]
date: "2022-05-02T04:27:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-01T14:06:19Z"
duration: "PT10M48S"
viewcount: "19561"
likeCount: "2082"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Medicine with Dr. Moran"
---
{% raw %}Is COVID vaccination associated with an increase in cardiac arrest 911 calls? There have been anecdotal reports in the media with athletes having cardiac arrests at sporting events but is there a connection? I discuss, without opinion, a peer-reviewed study in one of our premier medical journals, the journal Nature. It reviews the entire country of Israel’s experience with phone calls to emergency medical services. They looked at cardiac arrest phone calls as well as acute coronary syndrome (ACS) phone calls and the on scene paramedic assessment. They compared the frequency of these phone calls to COVID vaccination and COVID infection. In people over the age of 40 there was no association. But what about the younger age group 16-39? I review what the study found.<br /><br />Please note again that this is peer-reviewed with the data being critically appraised and vetted before publication in the journal Nature. ASSOCIATIONS DO NOT IMPLY CAUSALITY.<br /><br />Nature study: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-022-10928-z#Tab1">https://www.nature.com/articles/s41598-022-10928-z#Tab1</a> <br /><br />Mask Mandates: Are They Helpful? A Doctor's Perspective <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/JJJJ2v6u144">https://youtu.be/JJJJ2v6u144</a><br /><br />How to Improve Your Immune System! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/UzpKW4FlxRc">https://youtu.be/UzpKW4FlxRc</a> <br /><br /><br />00:00 Intro<br />00:20 Israel Study<br />01:41 Documented Myocarditis<br />03:05 Study Results<br />03:35 Cardiac Arrest Calls<br />05:20 ACS Acute Coronary Calls<br />06:27 Israeli Authors Conclusion<br />07:24 Underdiagnosing in Females?<br />07:50 Study Limitations<br />09:01 Correlation or Causation?  <br />09:47 Censorshp of this Study<br />10:20 My Cats!<br /><br />DISCLAIMER : Thank you for watching my YouTube video. The content of my video is not intended to be a substitute for professional medical advice, diagnosis or treatment. No doctor-patient relationship is formed by viewing this video. For further details, please click the following link below for my full disclaimer. <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tQku3twkNjCJbzPzx8Kih4xlCJgjjd6R/view?usp=sharing">https://drive.google.com/file/d/1tQku3twkNjCJbzPzx8Kih4xlCJgjjd6R/view?usp=sharing</a><br /><br />Dr. Keith Moran MD, RCPSC, DABIM, RCS, NBE Biography:<br />I am a consultant in Internal Medicine with special medical interests in gastroenterology, cardiology, and echocardiography. I am a a full-time practising physician in these areas. I was an undergraduate at the University of Toronto, Trinity College where I received a number of scholarships including one for top student at Trinity College. I attended medical school at the University of Toronto graduating with a gold medal. My internship was completed at McMaster University in Hamilton followed by a residency in Internal Medicine at the University of Western Ontario in London. I then completed a fellowship in General Internal Medicine at the University of Western Ontario. I am an active echocardiographer who has been certified and recertified by the National Board of Echocardiography. I am certified in cardiac sonography and have trained and completely educated a number of cardiac sonographers. I am the medical director of my cardiology laboratory which was established in 2001. My laboratory performs echocardiography and stress echocardiography amongst other tests. I maintain my certification in the American Board of Internal Medicine. I have over 27 years of experience as a hospital-based consultant in internal medicine and intensive care unit attending physician. I am the medical director of the cardiac rehabilitation program in my community.<br /><br />#MedicinewithDrMoran{% endraw %}
