---
title: "Stuck In The Middle With You \/\/ Stealers Wheel \/\/ POMPLAMOOSE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jxaBSNNZ3vs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jxaBSNNZ3vs"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["pomplamoose","jack conte","nataly dawn"]
date: "2022-04-25T20:06:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-23T15:00:19Z"
duration: "PT3M41S"
viewcount: "537000"
likeCount: "15538"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "PomplamooseMusic"
---
{% raw %}We didn’t futz with this one. It’s already so goooooood!!!! All you have to do is put some musicians in a room together and let loose.<br /><br />Save this song on Spotify: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://spoti.fi/2r3Yqkh">https://spoti.fi/2r3Yqkh</a><br />Follow us on instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/pomplamoosemusic">https://instagram.com/pomplamoosemusic</a><br />Become a patron of our music (to vote on the songs we cover and get merch and stuff like that): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.patreon.com/pomplamoose">http://www.patreon.com/pomplamoose</a><br /><br />A cover of Stealers Wheel's &quot;Stuck In The Middle With You&quot; by Pomplamoose.<br /><br />MUSICIAN CREDITS<br />Lead Vocals: Nataly Dawn<br />Keys: Jack Conte<br />Guitar:  John Schroeder<br />Bass: Joe Ayoub<br />Drums/Background Vocals: Ben Rose<br /><br />AUDIO CREDITS<br />Engineer: Tim Sonnefeld<br />Assistant Engineer: Tyler Karmen<br />Mixing/Mastering: Caleb Parker<br /><br />VIDEO CREDITS<br />Director: Dom Fera<br />DP / Cam A: Merlin Showalter<br />Cam B: Ryan Blewett<br />Cam C: Dijon Herron<br />Gaffer: Arjay Ancheta<br />Lighting Tech: Brandon Garman<br />Video Editor: Dominic Mercurio<br />Colorist: Charlene Gibbs<br /><br />Recorded at 64 Sound in Los Angeles.<br /><br />LYRICS<br />Well I don't know why I came here tonight.<br />I've got the feeling that something ain't right.<br />I'm so scared in case I fall off my chair,<br />And I'm wondering how I'll get down the stairs.<br />Clowns to the left of me!<br />Jokers to the right!<br />Here I am stuck in the middle with you.<br />Yes I'm stuck in the middle with you,<br />And I'm wondering what it is I should do.<br />It's so hard to keep this smile from my face.<br />Losing control and running all over the place.<br />Clowns to the left of me!<br />Jokers to the right!<br />Here I am stuck in the middle with you.<br /><br />When you started off with nothing<br />And you're proud that your a self-made man.<br />And your friends they all come crawling,<br />Slap you on the back and say<br />Please . . .<br />Please . . .<br /><br />Trying to make some sense of it all<br />But I see it makes no sense at all.<br />Is it cool to go to sleep on the floor?<br />I don't think that I can take anymore.<br />Clowns to the left of me!<br />Jokers to the right!<br />Here I am stuck in the middle with you.<br /><br />When you started off with nothing<br />And you're proud that your a self-made man.<br />Ooooo-ooo-oooh<br />And your friends they all come crawling,<br />Slap you on the back and say<br />Please . . .<br />Please . . .<br /><br />Well I don't know why I came here tonight.<br />I've got the feeling that something ain't right.<br />I'm so scared in case I fall off my chair,<br />And I'm wondering how I'll get down the stairs.<br />Clowns to the left of me!<br />Jokers to the right!<br />Her I am stuck in the middle with you.<br />Yes I'm stuck in the middle with you . . .<br /><br /><br />#Pomplamoose #StealersWheel #StuckInTheMiddleWithYou #Stuckinthemiddle #IndieRock{% endraw %}
