---
title: "\"Even If We're Half Right, We'll See Exponential Returns\" | Cathie Wood"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/VE4M2yw7phY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "VE4M2yw7phY"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["crypto","bitcoin","ethereum"]
date: "2022-06-02T00:45:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-29T15:00:26Z"
duration: "PT4M48S"
viewcount: "12136"
likeCount: "458"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Only The SAVVY"
---
{% raw %}💰 Claim Your Rewards &amp; Start Trading Like the Pros!<br /> 💵 Bitget.com ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/BitGetOnlyTheSavvy">https://bit.ly/BitGetOnlyTheSavvy</a><br /><br />Most Will Miss Out On An Opportunity Of A Lifetime | Cathie Wood<br /><br />Cathie Wood and ARK Invest have been getting crushed this year and many of their critics believe their recovery will take years.  And that’s okay with Cathie Wood, who has consistently preached the mantra that her time horizon is at least 5 years.  Yet in the short term, it’s hard to deny the beat-down ARK has taken and many analysts and pundits question if Cathie will even make it to the 5-year mark.  ARK is currently trading at $45.41, a far cry from its All-Time high of $159.70 back in February of 2021.  Almost all liquidity markets have taken a hit in the recent months, but it seems like Cathie’s losses are amplified due to her being a controversial, polar figure who makes bold moves and statements in the market.  Despite her lackluster performance as of late, ARK still has an influx of capital coming in despite its performance.   <br /><br />In a long blog post titled ARKK And Nasdaq 100: A Spurious Correlation, Cathie Wood reassured her investors that Nasdaq circa 2000 and ARKK today bear little resemblance to one another when comparing the revenue, profitability, and long-term valuation of their underlying companies.  Whispers from critics have compared ARK Innovation ETF to that of the Nasdaq circa 2000, when many companies were wiped out during the tech and telecom bust.  Many financial commentators and analysts have said that this market, particularly crypto, draws an eerie comparison to that of the dot.com bubble when many companies didn’t make it.  One of Cathie’s disruptive technologies includes blockchain, which she is all in on.  She is a well-known advocate for Ethereum, Bitcoin and Web3.0 and recently bought Coinbase stock, with many analysts questioning wither she bought the dip or is catching a falling knife.  But the comparison of ARK Fund to the Nasdaq isn’t an unfair comparison.  The fund’s decline has been more severe during the last 15 months than for the Nasdaq 15 months after its peak on March 10, 2000.  For this reason, Wood found it appropriate to update her investors, potential investors and followers to provide historical facts, data and reasoning as to why ARK is just randomly trading like the NASDAQ in 2000.  In the post, Cathie stated, <br /><br />“ARK believes that the best set-up for above average returns over the long term is to invest contrary to consensus thinking, and to be right.” <br /><br />“ARKK’s spurious correlation to the Nasdaq during the tech and telecom bust, and the unusually strong correlation among technologies that are developing independently, have increased our confidence that the markets today are behaving irrationally and illogically. Given the collapse in ARKK’s price and the fear in markets as measured by cash levels, we have very high conviction in our bets against consensus thinking, stemming from our first-principles research.”<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br />🎵BACKGROUND MUSIC licensed through AudioJungle &amp; Epidemic Sound <br /><br />🎥FOOTAGE licensed through VideoBlocks and Filmpac, except parts about the topic that have been used under fair use.<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER <br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. <br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them) <br />-This video is also for teaching and inspirational purposes. <br />-It is not transformative in nature. <br />-We've only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.{% endraw %}
