---
title: "TOP 10 AFRICAN COUNTRIES WITH THE WORST HEALTH CARE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/uWH5YoYQmx0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "uWH5YoYQmx0"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["As a matter of fact","health care system","heath care"]
date: "2022-03-31T13:05:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-27T19:58:18Z"
duration: "PT10M4S"
viewcount: "136"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}The worlds worst health care systems are in Africa and this can be attributed to several reasons including wars, greed, corruption, embezzlement among other reasons. Here is the list of the top 10 countries with the worst health care in Africa.<br /><br />1 Republic of Sierra Leone<br />Sierra Leone has the dubious distinction of being the worst country in providing healthcare to its citizens, with a score of 0.00 on the WHO health systems performance index. It is an African coastal country bordered by Guinea and Liberia, and has a population of almost 6 million. <br />There are only about 22 physicians for every million people, and about 60% of the rural population does not have adequate access to clean drinking water. <br /><br />2 South Sudan<br />It is important to highlight how dependent on foreign aid war-torn countries like South Sudan are. Without the intervention of international organizations, South Sudan would only have 380 medical facilities for a population of 11 million people spanning across 249 square miles.<br />The country ranks second in Africa with the worst health care and this has largely been attributed to the war.<br /><br />3 Central African Republic<br />With a WHO health systems performance score of 0.156/1, the Central African Republic (CAR) is the third worst country where health care is a concern. <br />Diarrhea is one of the major causes of death for children under 5 years old and the inability to curb diseases has affected the health care systems of the country.<br />4 Democratic Republic of Congo<br />Deep rooted problems in its health care system have for long stunted development in the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC). The country ranks fourth on the WHO list of countries’ with the worst health system performance. The country has been in almost perpetual conflict. Most health centers across DRC are poorly staffed and equipped, and medical materials are in short supply. <br />5 Federal Republic of Nigeria<br />This “Giant of Africa” turns out with a poor healthcare system, the fifth worst in the world despite boasting with one of the most developed cities in Africa. Its WHO score is 0.176/1. Nigeria is a federal republic comprised of 36 states. It’s located in West Africa between Benin to the west and Chad to the east. Nigeria is the most populated country in Africa with more than 174 million residents. <br />6 Liberia<br />Sixth on the list of countries with the worst healthcare is Liberia, scoring 0.200 on the WHO health system index for countries. Liberia is a beautiful coastal country in north-west Africa bordered by Sierra Leone to the west, Guinea to the north, and Ivory Coast to the east. About 4 million people populate this country and the average life expectancy is around 57 years. Only 4.7% of the population is over 60 and 43% of the population is 15 or under. <br />7 Republic of Malawi<br />According to the WHO ranking of health systems, the country ranked seventh is Malawi with a score of 0.251. Malawi is another landlocked country in southeast Africa. It is enclosed by Tanzania, Zambia, and Mozambique. <br /> However, life expectancy is a low 54.8 years, while the average age of the population is 17 years. <br />8 Republic of Mozambique<br />The eighth country with the worst healthcare in Africa is Mozambique with health system rating of 0.260 by the WHO.<br />Mozambique is situated in South East Africa, and the capital and largest city is Maputo. Mozambique has a population of approximately 23.9 million people.<br />9 Lesotho<br />With a WHO health system performance index of 0.266, Lesotho is the ninth worst country in the world on the healthcare front. Lesotho is completely landlocked; it is the world’s highest country and no part of it lies lower than 1,400 meters above sea level. <br />With dismal prospects, there’s a movement for Lesotho to accept annexation by its powerful neighbor South Africa, for help on many fronts including with the health care system.<br /><br /><br />10 Republic of Zambia<br />The country with the tenth poorest healthcare system is Zambia, whose WHO health system performance index is 0.269. Zambia has a population of about 14 million people and is a landlocked country situated in Southern Africa. <br />#healthcare#healthcaresystem#africancountries#africanhospitals#deaseses#AIDS#HIV#zambiahealthcare#mozambiquehealthcare#nigeriahealthcare#liberiahealthcare#lesothohealthcare#southsudanhealthcare#drchealthcare#{% endraw %}
