---
title: "Chips के Packets में Cuts क्यों होते है? | Why Such Cuts On The Packet? | Most Amazing Facts|FE#150"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/htIyTBHkkiE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "htIyTBHkkiE"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Its fact","Facts","Fact"]
date: "2022-03-27T00:01:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-25T07:08:24Z"
duration: "PT9M19S"
viewcount: "785677"
likeCount: "42391"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "It's Fact"
---
{% raw %}Get free Amazon stock- <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://indmoney.onelink.me/RmHC/6394da74">https://indmoney.onelink.me/RmHC/6394da74</a><br />Download INDmoney app from the above link, set up your US stocks account &amp; get free shares of Amazon worth ₹250* or download the INDmoney app from the Playstore/Appstore, use the code ITSAMAZON while signing up, set up your US stocks account to get free shares of Amazon worth Rs. 250*.<br />INDmoney helps you invest in US Stocks from India with a completely hassle free experience. ZERO Commission in buying &amp; selling US Stocks, ZERO charges to load US Dollars in your US Stock Account, Best FX conversion rate and the freedom to buy fractional shares.<br />*T&amp;C Apply<br /><br />Chips के Packets में Cuts क्यों होते है? | Why Such Cuts On The Packet? | Most Amazing facts | Fact Edition Episode #150<br /><br />In this video, facts(rochak tathya/ रोचक तथ्य) you don't know Or facts you never knew. Today you will see this facts video in Hindi And together &quot;चिप्स के पैकेट में छोटे-छोटे कट क्यों होते हैं? | Why are there small cuts in the packets of chips?&quot; And Top Engimatic Fact &amp; 20 Most Amazing Facts to see this video And this video is gonna be very interesting so watch the video till the end And I hope you liked the Facts Edition episode 150.<br /><br />#topengimaticfacts​​​​ #amazingfacts​​​​ #facts​​​​ #factsinhindi​ #shorts​​​​ #fact​​​​ #gk​​​​​ #world​​<br /><br />Queries Solved :-<br /><br />1. चिप्स के पैकेट में छोटे-छोटे कट क्यों होते हैं?<br />2. Why such cuts on the packet<br />3. Why are there small cuts in the packets of chips?<br />4. Chips के Packets में Cuts क्यों होते है?<br />5. Chips के Packets में छोटे-छोटे Cuts क्यों होते हैं?<br /><br />* Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favour of fair use.<br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them)<br />-This video is also for teaching purposes.<br />-It is not transformative in nature.<br />-I only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.<br /><br />Follow Us On👇🏻<br />Instagram   :-<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/real_itsfact/">https://www.instagram.com/real_itsfact/</a><br />​Facebook   :- Not Available<br />Twitter        :-Not Available<br /><br />For Any Business Enquires:<br />itsworks555@gmail.com{% endraw %}
