---
title: "Triple Play: 3 New Churn Dash Quilts with Jenny Doan of Missouri Star (Video Tutorial)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/j0RilxGFvSc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "j0RilxGFvSc"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Jenny Doan","Quilting","Quilt"]
date: "2022-03-18T13:00:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-18T04:00:11Z"
duration: "PT42M4S"
viewcount: "9426"
likeCount: "965"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Missouri Star Quilt Company"
---
{% raw %}Shop Churn Dash Triple Play supplies here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/ChurnDashTP_yt">https://bit.ly/ChurnDashTP_yt</a><br /><br />Triple Play is a favorite tradition here at Missouri Star. Once a month, Jenny, Misty, and Natalie each demonstrate their own, unique spin on a favorite block, technique, or template. In this episode, the talented Doan ladies show off three fabulous new Churn Dash quilts. <br /><br />Jenny's &quot;Scrambled Churn Dash&quot; is made with 5 inch squares of precut fabric, also known as charm packs. Her fabric is Colour Wall 5&quot; Stackers by Sue Daley Designs for Riley Blake. She starts with classic church dash blocks, then chops 'em up, scrambles the pieces, and sews 'em back together. The result is a show-stopping multicolored church dash—easy as pie! <br /><br />Misty's &quot;Hens and Chicks&quot; quilt is made with layer cakes. Her fabric is Hibiscus 10&quot; Stackers<br />by Simple Simon &amp; Company for Riley Blake. This pattern combines big churn dashes surrounded by little churn dashes—just like chickens surrounded by their babies! <br /><br />Natalie's &quot;Colossal Churn Dash&quot; is a layer cake quilt featuring a big 'ol churn dash bordered by an even BIGGER churn dash! Her fabric is Honey Bee 10&quot; Stackers by My Mind's Eye for Riley Blake.<br /><br />Get the supplies needed to make these projects by clicking the link below:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.missouriquiltco.com/blogs/triple-play-sewing-tutorials/churn-dash-quilt-tutorial?utm_campaign=qt_t440&amp;utm_medium=Social&amp;utm_source=youtube&amp;utm_content=msqc&amp;utm_term=qt_t440">https://www.missouriquiltco.com/blogs/triple-play-sewing-tutorials/churn-dash-quilt-tutorial?utm_campaign=qt_t440&amp;utm_medium=Social&amp;utm_source=youtube&amp;utm_content=msqc&amp;utm_term=qt_t440</a><br /><br />Missouri Star Quilt Co. provides free quick and easy sewing, quilting, and craft tutorials because we love to create. We offer these free online quilting classes to teach and inspire everyone—even the beginner. Precut fabric is used in most of our projects, and we have lots of tips and tricks to make quilting fast and simple. Be sure to watch all the way to the end of the video to get some pro tips from Jenny on cutting fabric with a ruler and rotary cutter.<br /><br />Learn to sew with Jenny Doan as she teaches quilting tutorials from the heart. She’s the smiling face of Missouri Star Quilt Company! Stitching together simplified quilts full of love and laughter, Jenny makes quilting friendlier than ever before. With over half a million YouTube subscribers and more than 150 million views to date, she has sparked enthusiasm for quilting across the globe. <br /><br />Missouri Star Quilt Company provides totally FREE quick and easy quilting, sewing, and craft tutorials every single week because we love to help you create! Follow along with these fun online classes to learn more about quilt design and quilting techniques. It’s an inspiration for everyone—from beginners to advanced quilters. To make quilting easier than ever before, precut fabrics are used as the building blocks of most projects. These quilt fabrics like layer cakes, charm packs, and jelly rolls make textile patchwork as easy as pie! Plus, we offer quilt patterns and quilting supplies along with gorgeous quilt material to simplify your experience. We hope you enjoy our quilting tutorials. Be sure to subscribe so you don’t miss a single one!<br /><br />#missouristarquiltco #msqctripleplay #churndash{% endraw %}
