---
title: "Who is the President of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CkA_T3cMvdE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CkA_T3cMvdE"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Who is the President of Chechnya Ramzan Kadyrov","Ramzan Kadyrov","Chechnya Ramzan Kadyrov"]
date: "2022-04-03T14:35:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-03T10:09:01Z"
duration: "PT3M13S"
viewcount: "4721"
likeCount: "58"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Infinity News"
---
{% raw %}Who is the President of Chechnya, Ramzan Kadyrov?<br /><br />The real architect of Kadyrov's political policies resides in Moscow. This name is none other than Vladimir Putin. So why did Putin support Kadyrov so much? The answer is simple; Putin's sole aim was to break the resistance of the Chechen people against Russia. Putin knew very well that he could not fight the independence supporters alone in Chechnya, whose population is almost entirely Muslim. Therefore, he followed a policy of &quot;divide and rule&quot;. He did not want an independent Muslim country in the heart of Russia. Therefore, he made an alliance with the Kadyrov family to eliminate the supporters of independence. His other aim was to keep Chechnya, which has rich oil deposits, as a part of the Russian Federation. The most suitable name for this was Ramazan Kadyrov.<br /><br />Kadyrov's aim was to weaken his separatist political rivals. Kadyrov made great efforts for the reconstruction of the city of Grozny, which had seen two wars and was in ruins. He had forty-story splendid skyscrapers built in the city. Inspired by the Blue Mosque, he had Russia's largest mosque built in Grozny.<br /><br />In the 2000s, while stability was achieved in Chechnya, there were major violations of human rights. Kadyrov had almost built an empire of fear with his army of 5,000 men. He even tortured some dissidents himself. Not only did he have the opponents in Chechnya killed, he also had those who could rival him be followed abroad.<br /><br />Kadyrov often poses for wild animals. He even made a name for himself for a long time by feeding lions and tigers in the garden of his house.<br />Another thing he is remembered for is flamboyant birthday parties. On his 35th birthday, he rained money on Hollywood. Among the invitees were names such as Kevin Costner, Hillary Swank, Jean Claude van Damme. It was claimed that the famous violin virtuoso Vanessa Mae received 500 thousand dollars for tonight.<br />The luxury lifestyle is also one of the things that identify with Kadyrov. He is often criticized for his dozens of luxury cars and mansions, each worth millions. His mansion in Dubai is claimed to be worth $7 million. Besides the expensive houses he gifted to his wife and mother-in-law, his name is also involved in corruption. Such a flamboyant life, of course, brought questions behind it. When a journalist asked Kadyrov about the source of this money, he said, &quot;I don't know where the money came from either.&quot; However, the source of the money was clearly the Kremlin... It is even claimed that Kadyrov asked Putin for $17 billion in financial support.<br /><br />Another important point about Kadyrov is the support he has given to Putin since the first day of the attacks in the Russia-Ukraine war. It is even known that he posted a photo of Putin on his official Telegram account, said to Putin, &quot;I am ready to die for you, and went to Mariupol, taking his 14-year-old son with him.&quot; It is also known that Ramazan Kadyrov seized a mental and neurosurgery hospital in Ukraine and took the mental patients and staff hostage inside. During the Ukraine war, Putin awarded Kadyrov the rank of lieutenant general. Thus, Kadyrov is expected to command the troops in Ukraine.{% endraw %}
