---
title: "Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED The Stealthiest Spy Jet EVER!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/M0EQmastsZc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "M0EQmastsZc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Elon Musk","Elon Musk news","Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED The Fastest Stealth Spy Jet Ever!"]
date: "2022-05-18T09:14:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-17T15:00:19Z"
duration: "PT8M14S"
viewcount: "25746"
likeCount: "909"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Elon Musk Evolution"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED The Stealthiest Spy Jet EVER!<br /><br />The SR-71 Blackbird, Lockheed's Cold War-era spy jet that set speed and altitude records for decades racing over the skies at 80,000 feet at Mach 3, demonstrating its astounding capabilities with rare exotic alloys and futuristic design, is well known to most aviation enthusiasts.  And now comes the fastest stealth spy jet ever!<br /><br />Hello and welcome to Elon Musk Evolution!<br /><br />If you're a musk fan and don't want to miss anything about this amazing person, then subscribe and click the bell icon so you’ll be notified every time a new video is released.<br /><br />In today's video, we'll tell you about the fastest spy jet ever, and Elon Musk updating us all. <br />Let’s begin!<br /><br />The recent revelation that China fired a hypersonic weapon during the summer has the entire world abuzz. The launch surprised everyone, including the US intelligence community. The Chinese hypersonic technology is more advanced than previously thought. It did, however, miss its intended objective. This implies that they still have a long way to go in the development of guiding systems, as well as shielding for guidance and avionics systems. China played down the launch, referring to the missile as a &quot;space vehicle.&quot;<br /><br />For quite some time, the United States has been working on hypersonic weapons and capabilities. It is the natural next stage in weapon technology. While recent and next-generation warplanes and bombers are experimenting with stealth, speed may be preferable.<br /><br />Developing hypersonic jets could be the &quot;new stealth,&quot; as stealth can be conquered. However, because speed demands such a large leap in technology, it may take a long time and development for everyone else to catch up, Musk stated.<br /><br />The most advanced and fastest plane of its day is still the fastest plane of our time. In the rapid technological progress of aircraft over the last 100 years, the SR-71 Blackbird is considered obsolete. However, some 60 years later, there is still nothing that can fly faster or higher.<br /><br />The SR-71 was the culmination of multiple programs. The CIA desired a rapid, high-flying plane that could not be detected. The Air Force desired a strategic, supersonic bomber that could carry nuclear missiles. The SR-71 was the outcome of several iterations combining varied missions, requirements, and planes. It was, however, not a bomber, Musk explained.<br /><br />The Blackbird was extremely impressive at intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance (ISR). These advanced jets were outfitted with sophisticated optics, imaging, and surveillance technologies. It was capable of operating at sustained altitudes of more than 80,000 feet, with a peak altitude record of more than 85,000 feet. Because of the extreme altitude, SR-71 pilots were required to wear spacesuits and helmets. When they looked up, they saw nothing but blackness. The SR-71 also holds the aircraft flight speed record: Mach 3.3 (or 2,193.7 mph). A record that has been in place since 1976.<br /><br />In comparison, the fastest Russian aircraft ever built travels at almost 500 mph slower.<br />According to Musk, SR-71s could outrun missiles even if they were detected on radar. It was difficult to catch by the time a surface-to-air missile (SAM) radar could latch on to the plane, launch it, and attempt to intercept it. In truth, no SR-71s have ever been shot down. 4,000 air-to-air missiles have been fired at the SR-71 without success. It was incredibly successful in every aspect of its role. The Blackbird represented the peak of American aviation engineering.<br /><br />#Tesla #Leaked #Talks #Success #Goals #Inspire<br />_<br />Hope you guys enjoy this!      <br />👉 If you enjoy this video, please like it and share it.      <br />👉 Don't forget to subscribe to this channel for more updates.    <br /><br />Thanks for watching! If you know someone who could use this video, share it with them!<br /><br />Tags:<br />Elon Musk, Spacex, Tesla, Spacex starship, Starship, Starship launch, Spacex news, Spacex news today, Tesla news today, Tesla news, Tech, Technology, Elon, Musk, Rocket, Elon Musk interview, New Tech, High tech, Business news, Breaking news, Exposed, Spacex test, Tesla and Spacex, Spacex rocket, Starship Spacex, Spacex today, Space x, Inspirational, Motivational, Speech, Speeches, Worldwide news, Inspire, Goals, Succes, Talks, Leaked, Elon Musk news, Elon Musk today, Elon Musk Motivation<br /><br />► Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise. Moreover, Elon Musk Evolution is an Elon Musk fan channel and all the information on the site is the product of the script writer's imagination.Viewer's discretion is advised.{% endraw %}
