---
title: "Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED The CHEAPEST Battery That Will Shock Ford!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1OZacRDn-xo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1OZacRDn-xo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED The CHEAPEST Battery That Will Shock Ford!","elon musk ford","elon musk ford motors"]
date: "2022-04-29T13:42:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-27T19:00:00Z"
duration: "PT9M8S"
viewcount: "69804"
likeCount: "1665"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Elon Musk Evolution"
---
{% raw %}Elon Musk Just LAUNCHED The CHEAPEST Battery That Will Shock Ford!<br /><br />The insane innovation will revolutionize the EV industry. The heart of the EV is considered to be its battery. Now, Elon Musk has come up with an unbelievably new technology that can make the battery much less expensive without compromising its capacity. Rather, guess what? This time, the capacity will be higher. Sounds like a dream, right? But it’s happening.<br /><br />Hello and welcome to Elon Musk Evolution.<br /><br />If you're a musk fan and don't want to miss anything about this incredible person, then smack the subscribe button and hit the bell icon so that you will be notified whenever a new video is uploaded. In today’s video, we are going to talk about how Elon Musk launched the cheapest EV battery in history, which even shocked Ford.<br /><br />In an electric car, the battery is one of the most important components. The automobile will not move a single inch without it. This is why Elon Musk's Tesla continues to push the boundaries of battery technology in his world-class electric vehicles. Elon Musk has announced a new Sodium-Sulphur battery as a result, which is quite shocking even to another notable EV company, Ford. But What makes it superior to the lithium-ion batteries Tesla previously used?<br /><br />Aside from supplying the energy that propels the electric vehicle, the battery decides how far you can drive before needing to stop for a charge, which is critical because EV owners desire a vehicle that can be driven for days without needing to recharge the battery. With more space, the owner may confidently go on longer travels. <br /><br />That's not even to mention the battery's importance, since it adds the most to the car's overall cost. In reality, the higher rates EV purchasers pay are directly related to battery pricing, which will only decrease as battery prices fall. EV batteries must last a long time because changing them is an expensive proposition for the owner.<br /><br />Furthermore, the weight of the battery has a major impact on the car's total curb weight. As a result, EVs are heavier than their internal combustion engine counterparts. This has several ramifications for automobile design. Because weight has an impact on handling, the designers had to experiment with different battery positions to find the ideal balance. <br /><br />The weight of the battery has an impact on the driving range since, ironically, the heavier the battery, the less range the automobile has. All of these issues were addressed by Tesla's new Sodium-Sulphur battery, also known as the tablet's battery. Is it possible that Tesla achieved any of these goals?<br /><br />Lithium-ion batteries are often used in electric vehicles, although this can be traced back to Tesla, who utilized them in the very first Tesla automobile, the Roadster. It gave EV ranges a huge boost because it allowed them to go beyond 200 miles for the first time. It was considered superior to the lithium-ion batteries used in prior generations since it was lighter, more efficient, and charged faster. Even better, the upkeep was excellent.<br /><br />#Tesla #Leaked #Talks #Success #Goals #Inspire<br />_<br />Hope you guys enjoy this!      <br />👉 If you enjoy this video, please like it and share it.      <br />👉 Don't forget to subscribe to this channel for more updates.    <br /><br />Thanks for watching! If you know someone who could use this video, share it with them!<br /><br />Tags:<br />Elon Musk, Spacex, Tesla, Spacex starship, Starship, Starship launch, Spacex news, Spacex news today, Tesla news today, Tesla news, Tech, Technology, Elon, Musk, Rocket, Elon Musk interview, New Tech, High tech, Business news, Breaking news, Exposed, Spacex test, Tesla and Spacex, Spacex rocket, Starship Spacex, Spacex today, Space x, Inspirational, Motivational, Speech, Speeches, Worldwide news, Inspire, Goals, Succes, Talks, Leaked, Elon Musk news, Elon Musk today, Elon Musk Motivation<br /><br />► Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise. Moreover, Elon Musk Evolution is an Elon Musk fan channel and all the information on the site is the product of the script writer's imagination.Viewer's discretion is advised.{% endraw %}
