---
title: "Your Salvation\/Damnation Depends Upon the Names of the Creator & Messiah You Believe in & call upon!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pTG_awy1zMU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pTG_awy1zMU"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["god","jesus","love"]
date: "2022-03-14T08:52:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-09T18:55:34Z"
duration: "PT1H21M1S"
viewcount: "201"
likeCount: "4"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "OXFORD V"
---
{% raw %}Spiritual myopia and lack of faith is the problem of Islam and every other religion, and that is the cause of eternal damnation <br />Atheists &amp; Muslims subject Elohim to their human understanding and reject His omnipotence<br />Those Who Don't Believe <br />John 8:24 <br />I told you that you would die in your sins, for unless you believe that I am he you will die in your sins.” <br />John 3:18 <br />Whoever believes in him is not condemned, but whoever does not believe is condemned already, because he has not believed in the name of the only Son of Elohim. <br />Mark 16:16 <br />Whoever believes and is baptized will be saved, but whoever does not believe will be condemned. <br />John 3:16<br />“For Elohim so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life. <br />John 14:6 <br />Yahushua said to him, “I am the way, and the truth, and the life. No one comes to the Father except through me. <br />John 6:44 <br />No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him. And I will raise him up on the last day. <br />John 3:5 <br />Yahushua answered, “Truly, truly, I say to you, unless one is born of water and the Spirit, he cannot enter the kingdom of Elohim. <br />Romans 10:9 <br />Because, if you confess with your mouth that Yahushua is Almighty and believe in your heart that Elohim raised him from the dead, you will be saved. <br />John 14:10<br />1 Corinthians 2:14 <br />The natural person does not accept the things of the Spirit of Elohim, for they are folly to him, and he is not able to understand them because they are spiritually discerned. <br />Acts 16:31 <br />And they said, “Believe in the Master Yahushua, and you will be saved, you and your household.” <br />John 20:31 <br />But these are written so that you may believe that Yahushua is the Messiah, the Son of Elohim, and that by believing you may have life in his name.<br />John 1:12 <br />But to all who did receive him, who believed in his name, he gave the right to become children of Elohim, <br />John 6:63 <br />It is the Spirit who gives life; the flesh is no help at all. The words that I have spoken to you are spirit and life. <br />Romans 8:1 <br />John 14:11<br />Believe me that I am in the Father and the Father is in me, or believe my works.<br />John 8:12 <br />Again Yahushua spoke to them, saying, “I am the light of the world. Whoever follows me will not walk in darkness, but will have the light of life.”<br />Matthew 7:15 <br />“Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing but inwardly are ravenous wolves. <br />John 15:6 <br />John 6:55-59<br />Luke 8:13<br />And the ones on the rock are those who, when they hear the word, receive it with joy. But these have no root; they believe for a while, and in time of testing fall away.<br />Mark 9:23<br />And Yahushua said to him, “‘If you can’! All things are possible for one who believes.”<br />Acts 2:38<br />John 20:29<br />Matthew 17:20<br />John 6:45<br />It is written in the Prophets, ‘And they will all be taught by Elohim.’ Everyone who has heard and learned from the Father comes to me— <br />John 5:44 <br />How can you believe, when you receive esteem from one another and do not seek the esteem that comes from the only Elohim?<br />Mark 1:15 <br />And saying, “The time is fulfilled, and the kingdom of Elohim is at hand; repent and believe in the gospel.” <br />1 John 4:1 <br />Beloved, do not believe every spirit, but test the spirits to see whether they are from Elohim, for many false prophets have gone out into the world. <br />2 Corinthians 4:4 <br />In their case the god of this world has blinded the minds of the unbelievers, to keep them from seeing the light of the gospel of the esteem of Messiah, who is the image of Elohim. <br />Romans 10:1-21 <br />Brothers, my heart's desire and prayer to Elohim for them is that they may be saved. For I bear them witness that they have a zeal for Elohim, but not according to knowledge. For, being ignorant of the righteousness of Elohim, and seeking to establish their own, they did not submit to Elohim's righteousness. For Messiah is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone who believes. For Moses writes about the righteousness that is based on the law, that the person who does the commandments shall live by them<br />John 3:36 <br />Whoever believes in the Son has eternal life; whoever does not obey the Son shall not see life, but the wrath of Elohim remains on him. <br />1 John 2:22-27 <br />Who is the liar but he who denies that Yahushua is the Messiah? This is the Anti-Messiah, he who denies the Father and the Son. No one who denies the Son has the Father. Whoever confesses the Son has the Father also. Let what you heard from the beginning abide in you. If what you heard from the beginning abides in you, then you too will abide in the Son and in the Father. And this is the promise that he made to us—eternal life. I write these things to you about those who are trying to deceive you... <br />Matthew 28:19-20 <br />Go therefore and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Set Apart Spirit, teaching them to observe all that I have commanded you. And behold, I am with you always, to the end of the age.”{% endraw %}
