---
title: "Dr. Marc Faber: \"ECONOMY IS GOING TO COLLAPSE (2022)\" \/\/ Inflation, Gold & Silver, Stocks"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Twqczu5Krsw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Twqczu5Krsw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["marc faber","dr marc faber","stocks"]
date: "2022-01-20T12:11:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-14T22:00:08Z"
duration: "PT11M1S"
viewcount: "721"
likeCount: "17"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "LifeWorthLiving"
---
{% raw %}Dr Marc Faber: &quot;ECONOMY WILL COLLAPSE (2022)&quot; // Inflation, Gold &amp; Silver, Stocks, Market Crash, Interest Rate, The FED, Central Banks<br /><br />Marc Faber 'Dr Doom' discusses the markets, the central banks, interest rates, insane government policies and stupid politicians, hurting the Poor People<br /><br />===================================================<br /><br />👉 ABOUT THIS CHANNEL :<br /><br />If you’re new to this channel then I want to welcome you to “LifeWorthLiving”. This channel is all about Law of attraction, Health,  business/finance motivation. We try our best to create the best inspirational videos/financial education videos to help to lift you up when you’re down and to inform you, so that you can become a better person in business and in life. <br /><br />SPEAKERS:<br />Harry Dent, Jim Rogers, Robert Kiyosaki, Jim Rickards, Peter Schiff, David Rosenberg, Dr Marc Faber, Dave Collum, Gareth Soloway, Lyn Alden, Lynette Zang, Raoul Pal, Max Keiser, Michael Saylor, Ron Paul.<br /><br />CONTENT:<br />Our Channel Mainly Covers Broad Range of Topics Like Current Economy, Financial Literacy, Housing Market, Financial Crisis, Market Crash, Inflation, Deflation, Stock Market, Stocks, Bonds, Gold, Silver, Crypto, Bitcoin, Ethereum, Real Estate, Money, Commodities, economy USA, finance USA, capital USA, stocks USA, politics USA, precious metals, currency crisis, currency reform, financial policy, financial market, banks, financial crash, investment, economic crisis, reset, crash, Trade, goods market, securities, cash, bank balances, purchasing power, central banks, ECB, government, Recession, Depression, politics, money print, assets, stocks<br />If You are enthusiast of any of these topics then subscribe and turn on bell notification to be notified.<br />=============================================<br />#Economy #Collapse #2022 #Inflation #MarcFaber #InterestRate #federalreserve #stockmarket #deflation #Crisis #MarketCrash #gold<br /><br /><br />🛎️ For more inspiring and motivation videos please SUBSCRIBE to our channel:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/LifeWorthLivings">https://www.youtube.com/c/LifeWorthLivings</a><br />And press the bell icon to get a notification, when our new video will be published.<br /><br />===============<br /><br />CREDIT:<br />Marc Faber<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.gloomboomdoom.com/">https://www.gloomboomdoom.com/</a><br /><br />-----------------------------------------------<br /><br />CONTACT :<br />e-mail: LifeWorthLivings@yahoo.com<br /><br />=====================================================<br /><br />IMPORTANT: We are holding all the comments because of scammers. So please continue to post comments. We are only approving real authentic comments from people and not bots.<br />============================================<br /><br />🎦 Video footage and Background music: all video footage and background music used is either licensed through either CC-BY or from Videoblocks<br /><br />THE VIDEO WAS FULLY EDITED AND CAPTIONED BY US.<br /><br /><br />🔴FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER🔴<br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favour of fair use.<br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them)<br />-This video is also for teaching purposes.<br />-It is not transformative in nature.<br />-We've only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.<br /><br />We make these videos with the intention of educating others in a motivational/inspirational form. We do not own the clips and music we use in most cases. Our understanding is that it is in correlation to Fair Right Use, however given that it is open to interpretation, if any owners of the content clips would like us to remove the video, we have no problem with that and will do so as fast as possible.<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />👉 FINANCIAL DISCLAIMER <br />This channel is intended to share tips and investment videos by experts. We DO NOT GIVE FINANCIAL ADVICE!  Please consult a licensed financial advisor and do your own research before making any financial action.<br /><br />Never buy crypto just because you see a YouTuber talking about it. Always do your own independent research before investing in any coin.{% endraw %}
