---
title: "My Lead Gen Secret Case Study - Day #46 Using Clickbank | Easiest Way To Make Extra Money At Home"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/hk7FVj6-GcM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "hk7FVj6-GcM"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["make money with clickbank","my lead gen secret tutorial","what is my lead gen secret"]
date: "2022-01-15T07:31:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-14T17:52:03Z"
duration: "PT15M1S"
viewcount: "73"
likeCount: "5"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Mike Iser"
---
{% raw %}Join My Lead Gen Secret here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/MLGS-MyLeadGenSecret">https://bit.ly/MLGS-MyLeadGenSecret</a><br /><br />My Lead Gen Secret Case Study Playlist:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-QdKDUi_8&amp;list=PLpOkn8zwcGTbn8AhwFOEDVLTGWCgH0yO8">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nZ-QdKDUi_8&amp;list=PLpOkn8zwcGTbn8AhwFOEDVLTGWCgH0yO8</a><br /><br />My Lead Gen Secret Tips &amp; Tricks Playlist:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fumCIgQ85X0&amp;list=PLpOkn8zwcGTZL8ugnjujTs-R-Tu1i9ki5&amp;index=1">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fumCIgQ85X0&amp;list=PLpOkn8zwcGTZL8ugnjujTs-R-Tu1i9ki5&amp;index=1</a><br /><br />This is Day #46 of the My Lead Gen Secret case study.   <br /><br />If you're interested in the easiest way to make extra money at home in 2022, this is a super easy Clickbank strategy for beginners, using My Lead Gen Secret in combination with Clickbank.  Basically, you sign up for a free account at Clickbank and find products to promote for a commission in the Ebusiness &amp; EMarketing category.  Find products that are high in gravity, then go to the affiliate resources website for that product you're promoting and find the provided email swipe files that the vendor offers (most have these).  <br /><br />Then it's a matter of signing up for 2(minimum) or up to 5(recommended) My Lead Gen Secret accounts to get between 300-900 leads a day to market the offer to. Make sure you chain the accounts one under the other though.  The first time you sign up, use the link above in this description, but for your 2nd account, use your own referral link from your 1st account, so your 2nd account is signed up under your 1st.  That way you get 100 bonus leads.  <br /><br />Once you've chained all accounts, it's pretty much the easiest way to make extra money at home since it's just a matter of copying and pasting the subject lines and body of the emails into My Lead Gen Secret, adding your affiliate link to the email(provided in Clickbank), and clicking &quot;send&quot; to send the email out to the leads on your account.  Once you do this for all of your accounts, which takes about 10 minutes, you're done for the day.  Come back after 23 hours and the countdown timer will be reset and allow you to send out the next mailing.<br /><br />This is a cheap traffic source for affiliate marketing as it replaces the alternative of paying an autoresponder company and also paying for solo ads which can become pricey as you attempt to build your list.  As your list grows you will eventually have to pay more than $30/month for the autoresponder as well.  I currently have 43k leads and for a 50k contact list on GetResponse I'd have to pay $300/mo. I go over this in more detail in the video.<br /><br />This is also one of the simplest ways to make ClickBank commissions for the new year in 2022 since it's just a matter of copying and pasting emails and it only takes 10 min out of your day.  This allows you to build a business on the side while using the rest of your time in the day to focus on making money from other avenues and develop those multiple streams of income.  Over time and with enough accounts, the amounts you'll make month after month will compound as it is just a numbers game.  Look into the video above and you'll see some of my conservative projections.  Like you, I am in the trenches, I just have 1 month ahead of those who have yet to start this small home based business, but things are looking very promising :)<br /><br />If you're wondering how to make ClickBank commissions and want to see your first ClickBank commissions coming in, this is a lazy way to make money online, which is simple enough (copy and paste) and starts showing results after 3-4 weeks.  Patience is key, the more accounts you get, the more likely you will see results quicker and of course, you'll see more money.. it's a numbers game.<br /><br />As far as what I'm doing with MLGS, I'm running 7 MLGS accounts(+1,400 leads/day because I have a referral on my 7th account which otherwise would only generate 100).  You don't have to go as crazy as I did, min 2 accounts, 5 recommended.  I started back on Nov 30th, 2021, and I'm growing at a rate of +42k new leads each month that goes by.  The goal is to hit 2k+/month with this ASAP, lets see how this goes...<br /><br />I've made some projections as far as profitability is concerned and if things continue as they have in the first month, this looks like it's going to turn out to be a profitable traffic source for affiliate marketing.  So if you're looking for how to start an affiliate marketing business quickly, check out the video for more info.{% endraw %}
