---
title: "Attorney General CAUGHT | Destroys Evidence\/ Withdraws Charges"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/45GByx6COWA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "45GByx6COWA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["attorney general","atorney general caught","atorney general"]
date: "2022-04-09T08:34:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-05T21:00:17Z"
duration: "PT12M37S"
viewcount: "14516"
likeCount: "1550"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lincoln Square Leonidas"
---
{% raw %}Attorney General CAUGHT | Destroys Evidence/ Withdraws Charges<br />We cover the Attorney General's Felony Destruction of Evidence and Felony Fabrication of Evidence. We cover the Real Estate and Bankruptcy Racket perpetrated by our judiciary. We cover the lengths they will go to cover for it. Spoiler- it got the State Attorney General to withdraw the charges related to them fabricating and destroying evidence... so that I can't bring their felonies in front of the court. Yep, you heard that right. The State Attorney General is now playing DEFENSE... so much so... that they dropped the follow-on charge of disorderly conduct to basically a speeding ticket. The state NEEDS to convict me of something, otherwise they are liable for an exorbitant civil case in response.<br />#1). Ok- so here you go.  This motion details as many court house crooks as I could fit into 15 pages.  We see how the Adams County Court House Operates like a crime syndicate; grooming select members to key positions in the court house.  These members are admitted to the racket via false bankruptcies, real estate transactions, etc., ensuring their compliance when it comes to… oh… say… hiding one of their cronies’ stab an out-of-town veteran.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XmPLi0ZVHNf-4Pa8laFN-n8303RG6Y_Z/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=104554170004532976850&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1XmPLi0ZVHNf-4Pa8laFN-n8303RG6Y_Z/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=104554170004532976850&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true</a><br /><br />#2).  Ok.  This right here details a good section of the real estate racket.  We catch the president of the County BAR utilizing the Real Estate racket to acquire a house from an active client, using her daughter as a straw buyer.  She has a local BAR member and real estate titling magnet forge a fraudulent deed for her…. This BAR member is the father –in-law of Special Agent Michael Carlson, the SA @ the Attorney General’s Office that pulled out a bogus search warrant and wiped my phone’s location data for “trespassing.”  <br />We show that this is not the first time the DA has utilized this technique; as they previously lost child sexual assault pictures to throw a case when it threatened this same racket.  Be advised; it’s verbally graphic.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1olXHMCohHNMV2cC379CJNv3y7N-YVpiJ/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=104554170004532976850&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1olXHMCohHNMV2cC379CJNv3y7N-YVpiJ/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=104554170004532976850&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true</a><br /><br />Ok ya’ll- sometimes these links come out blurry.  It depends on your device and browser.  Chrome/ PC tends to work the most reliably.  It helps to open two windows of it; one to read, the other to peruse the cited evidence.  <br />Lastly- THIS is the Triple Lindy of Pre-Trial Motions.  It goes into more detail on most everything.  The above links cite some of these exhibits.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r4z2oXUmq1RAGQoFGorK74gVn13px8Ik/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=104554170004532976850&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1r4z2oXUmq1RAGQoFGorK74gVn13px8Ik/edit?usp=sharing&amp;ouid=104554170004532976850&amp;rtpof=true&amp;sd=true</a><br />P.S.  Thanks to Future James for the imaginationland tune!  Link below;<br />Song: Pure Imagination by Future James Music provided by: No Copyright Music Vloggers Video Download Link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/hkx6XUrEFOM">https://youtu.be/hkx6XUrEFOM</a><br /><br />#endqualifiedimmunity #LincolnSquareLeonidas #criminaljusticereform{% endraw %}
