---
title: "Helping Parents Heal with Dr. Pim Van Lommel on February 3rd!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/U3TkzFhRMS4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "U3TkzFhRMS4"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["NDE","Dr. Pim Van Lommel","Afterlife"]
date: "2022-02-07T01:16:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-03T21:22:18Z"
duration: "PT1H37S"
viewcount: "390"
likeCount: "17"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Helping Parents Heal"
---
{% raw %}Helping Parents Heal with Dr. Pim Van Lommel on February 3rd!<br />Pim van Lommel, M.D., born in 1943, graduated in 1971 at the University of Utrecht, and finished his specialization in cardiology in 1976. He worked from 1977-2003 as a cardiologist in Hospital Rijnstate, a 800 beds Teaching Hospital in Arnhem, the Netherlands, and is now doing full-time research on the mind-brain relation. He published several articles on cardiology, but since he started his research on near-death experiences (NDE) in survivors of cardiac arrest in 1986 he is the author of over 20 articles (most of them in Dutch), one book and many chapters about NDE. He was co-founder of the Dutch IANDS in 1988. In 2005 he was granted the Dr. Bruce Greyson Research Award of the International Association of Near-Death Studies (IANDS). In 2006, the president of India awarded him the Lifetime Achievement Award at the World Congress on Clinical and Preventive Cardiology in New Delhi. His Dutch book ‘Endless Consciousness’ was nominated for the ‘Book of the Year 2008’ in the Netherlands. In 2010 he received the 2010 Book Award van de Scientific and Medical Network, and in 2017 he received the Elisabeth Kübler-Ross Award by the Dutch Society of Volunteers in Palliative and Terminal Care (VPTZ). In 2020 the Spiritual Awakenings International (SAI) honored him for his ground-breaking work about Near-Death Experiences as Circle of Honor honoree. He was second place for The Bigelow Institute for Consciousness Studies (BICS) international essay for the best scientific evidence about the possible continuity of consciousness after death, for an article entitled: ‘The Continuity of Consciousness’.  <br />In November 2007 his book ‘Endless Consciousness’ (Eindeloos Bewustzijn) was published in The Netherlands, which is a bestseller with more than 155.000 copies sold (27th edition). His book was nominated for the ‘Book of the Year 2008’ in the Netherlands. His book was published in Germany in 2009, and it has been published in the English language by Harper Collins in 2010, entitled: Consciousness beyond Life. The science of the near-death Experience, and in the same year the book received the 2010 Book Award van de Scientific and Medical Network. In 2011 the Polish edition was published, the Spanish translation was published in 2012, and in 2012 his book was also published in France. In 2015 the book was also published in Latvia, in 2017 the book was published in Italy, and in 2019 the book was published in Hungary. In 2020 the book was published in China, and in 2021 it was published in Russia.<br />By now about 350.000 copies have been sold worldwide.<br />Articles:<br />- Van Lommel P, Van Wees R, Meyers V, Elfferich I. Near-death experience in survivors of cardiac arrest:<br />a prospective study in the Netherlands. The Lancet 2001; 358: 2039-2045. (970 citations!)<br />- Van Lommel, P. About the Continuity of our Consciousness, Adv Exp Med Biol. 2004; 550: 115-132. [Brain Death and Disorders of Consciousness. Machado, C. and Shewmon, D.A., Eds. New York, Boston, Dordrecht, London, Moscow: Kluwer Academic/ Plenum Publishers]<br />- Van Lommel, P. Near-Death Experience, Consciousness and the Brain: A new concept about the continuity of our consciousness based on recent scientific research on near-death experience in survivors of cardiac arrest. World Futures, The Journal of General Evolution, 2006; 62: 134-151.<br />- Van Lommel, P. Near-death experiences: the experience of the self as real and not as an illusion. 2011; Ann. N.Y. Acad. Sci. 1234: 19-28. (112 citations)<br />- Van Lommel, P. Nonlocal Consciousness. A concept based on scientific research on near-death experiences during cardiac arrest. 2013; Journal of Consciousness Studies, 20, No. 1–2 : 7-48. (76 citations)<br />- Van Lommel, P. “The Continuity of Consciousness”, 2021. Bigelow Institute of Consciousness Studies, <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bigelowinstitute.org/">https://www.bigelowinstitute.org/</a> .<br />See also www.pimvanlommel.nl/en/ , and www.consciousnessbeyondlife.com.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/U3TkzFhRMS4">https://youtu.be/U3TkzFhRMS4</a>{% endraw %}
