---
title: "“We Have A Lot of Problems”   Cathie Wood"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/icv5xV8b5wc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "icv5xV8b5wc"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["“We Have A Lot of Problems” Cathie Wood","cathie wood","ark invest"]
date: "2022-05-10T02:12:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-09T21:16:15Z"
duration: "PT8M30S"
viewcount: "40"
likeCount: "23"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Stock Buddha"
---
{% raw %}“We Have A Lot of Problems”   Cathie Wood<br /><br /><br />ARK Investment Management LLC snatches additional shares from many non-profit companies, doubling the number of bettors and investors expecting to test this year with rising interest rates.<br />ARK was among the major winners of the epidemic, which showed significant gains in the stocks of many non-profit companies and cryptocurrencies, such as bitcoin, due to low-interest rates and high incentives. Investors in these assets are now facing rising interest rates that may not be very forgiving to unprofitable firms or those trading high prices.<br />Cathie Wood,  spoke about current economic conditions in the context of the Russian war in Ukraine and elaborated on her economic vision and investment thesis. In this video, we will discuss his thoughts and some of his latest works. Before we discuss his economic views, we should discuss his investment theory, which will help explain his recent performance. As Cathie Wood puts it, her innovative fund invests in disruptive companies. These companies have new technologies that could change the way the world works. Think of it as choosing stocks that will be the next Google, Amazon, or Meta. Recent examples of this would be Coinbase, Snowflake, and Crowdstrike.<br />However, these stocks can trade at expensive rates. New stocks are trading at a higher price to get a higher rate or PE. The price-to-earnings ratio is often used as a comparison metric, but it can also be considered as the number of years taken to stock up on all market snow. For example, if the stock has a PE value of 30 and the earnings were constant, it would take 30 years for the company to recover the investment. If you invest $ 100 in a company with a PE rating of 5, the company will earn $ 100 in your equity after 5 years assuming that all variables do not change.<br />ARK analysts often compare PE ratings with companies in the same industry. For example, you would not compare the PE of a utility company with a retail or software company. This is because each industry has a different tail, financial structures, consumer behavior, etc.<br />Google is a good example of Cathie's philosophy. In 2005 Google became a new inventor and traded at a higher price. It traded at 50 times the value of the revenue while Nasdaq traded 25 times more profit. Based on Google’s PE PE rating in 2005, you would think Nasdaq would be a better price as Nasdaq was 50% cheaper, but it is not. It has taken a few years for Google stock to trade in about the same PE market.<br />Cathie Wood looks at the amount of money earned according to the growth rate or PEG rate. To understand this we need to compare two shares. Stock A trades for $ 25 and has a profit of $ 1.00 per share. Stock B trades at $ 25 and has a profit of $ 1.00 as well. Both trade at a double profit of 25 and 25 PE. They seem to have the same value, but they do not if the growth rates are different.<br />If stock A is expected to increase earnings by 10% per annum and stock B by 50% per annum, then analysts will need to make adjustments to the P / E ratio. This is done at the PEG rate by dividing the amount of revenue earned by the growth rate. The expected 5-year growth rate is usually used. In this case, the value of company A earnings reaching the growth rate, or PEG, is 2.5x and that of company B is 0.5x.<br />Stable and flexible currencies like ARK are not for everyone, even if they believe in something new. Investors need to trust the manager's ability to select the winners from these fast-growing industries and to have the flexibility, patience, and financial flexibility to cope with difficult times — even for the most talented stock collectors. More importantly, these investments should never make up the bulk of the portfolio; they are compatible with a variety of core holds.<br />The actual return on investment (known as the dollar-weighted returns) is often worse than the stated return of the fund itself because investors often enter after much profit and leave very late. The cash flow of ARK Innovation did not start until the end of 2020, which means that most shareholders did not fully benefit from the three-digit fund benefits that year. Meanwhile, many have sold their shares over the past six months as the fund continues to decline, reducing their profits or deepening their losses.<br />This is one of the things Cathie Wood looks at. He is not just looking at the multiplication of income, but rather the average PEG 5 years from today. Going back to our Google example, it may seem like investors in 2005 would have been better off with the Nasdaq, but that can't move forward. As of April 2005, Google has returned 2532% while Nasdaq has returned 548%. Google almost doubled the 13% annual return of Nasdaq. This includes the recent COVID crisis and the Ukraine / Russia war. Investors should look to the next Google, and that is exactly what Cathie Wood wants. He is focused on new technologies which means his shares will have a higher PE rating.{% endraw %}
