---
title: "History Brief: The Intolerable Acts"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/deU_9QzH5sQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "deU_9QzH5sQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Intolerable Acts","Coercive Acts","Colonial America"]
date: "2022-03-30T09:27:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2014-09-19T06:30:48Z"
duration: "PT4M2S"
viewcount: "155179"
likeCount: "619"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Reading Through History"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://readingthroughhistory.com/">http://readingthroughhistory.com/</a><br /><br />Everything students need to know about the Intolerable Acts<br /><br />Transcript: <br /><br />The Intolerable Acts.  Everything you need to know.<br /><br />King George III and the new British Prime Minister, Lord North, were furious when they heard the news of the Boston Tea Party.   In the spring of 1774, Parliament responded by passing four harsh laws that colonists found so rude, crude, and vile they called them The Intolerable Acts.  What did these laws do?<br /><br />The Coercive Acts, as they were called in Britain, were designed to punish Boston for the Tea Party and passed Parliament by a huge 4-1 majority.   The Boston Port Act closed Boston Harbor, one of the empire’s busiest, until the destroyed tea, and the duties on it, were paid for in pounds sterling.<br /><br />Massachusetts’s charter, granted by the Crown in 1691, was drastically overhauled.  Officials in the governor’s council would be appointed by the royal governor, and town meetings could no longer take place without the governor’s permission.  All local judges and officials would be appointed by the governor, and their salaries would be paid for by customs duties (taxes).  All Committees of Correspondence in the colony were also to be disbanded.<br /><br />The Administration of Justice Act followed, which stipulated that any British soldier or official charged with a capital crime in America would have their trial moved to England or to another colony where they would face a friendlier judge and jury.<br /><br />The Coercive Acts also dispatched four regiments of British soldiers to Boston and authorized army officers to quarter the troops in the homes of private citizens.  To truly emphasize the message to the colonists, King George III appointed Royal Army officer Thomas Gage, commander-in-chief of British troops in North America, as the new governor of the colony.<br /><br />As a final act of punishment to the colonies, Lord North passed the Quebec Act, which set up a government for the colony that had been won from France a little more than a decade before.  It made concessions to the Roman Catholic French living in the territory as it imitated the manner in which they were governed under the French colonial regime.  <br /><br />The second part of the Quebec Act proved to be quite “anti-American.”  The southern boundary of Quebec was extended south to the Ohio River and the western half to the Mississippi, effectively stripping away the land claims of a half dozen colonies to the territory.  British officials readily admitted in Parliament that the intention was to keep the English colonists bottled up close to the seaboard where they would be easier to control.<br /> <br />Not all of the members of Parliament supported the Coercive Acts.  In fact, several warned that it would lead to massive resistance throughout the colonies.  One even warned his fellow politicians that they might soon be “wading up to your eyes in blood.”  William Pitt spoke out against the acts in the House of Lords because they “punish the innocent as well as the guilty.”  <br /><br />Lord North dismissed the negative arguments, assuring that the empire had nothing to worry about.  Of the America colonies he commented, “She has neither army, navy, money, or men.”  He then summed up the debates on the acts by stating, “We must control them or submit to them.”<br /><br />After meeting with the former Governor of Massachusetts, Thomas Hutchinson, King George III informed Prime Minister North that the colonies would soon submit to their rule.  It was around that same time that reports reached London that colonial leaders had planned something called the Continental Congress to meet in Philadelphia.{% endraw %}
