---
title: "Laser Use in Automotive Manufacturing. This is a PACE SETTER. Try to keep up with a Clean Tech Laser"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_cKKyRU3_64\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_cKKyRU3_64"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["laser","laser photonics","laser cleaning"]
date: "2022-01-25T23:21:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-13T20:37:38Z"
duration: "PT3M14S"
viewcount: "1125"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Laser Photonics"
---
{% raw %}Laser use in automotive manufacturing dates back to Ford Motor Co in the mid ’70s. Lasers were used initially for underbody welding for an assembly line. Today, lasers are used in nearly every facet of the automotive industry. The traditional transmission cleaning methods with the use of industrial cleaners and degreasers are extremely labor and time intensive. The oil stains that are left are near impossible to contain and transmission are not reaching their full clean potential. With the future upon us we are updating these methods to more effective ways. Using the new CleanTechTM 2000w laser you will experience the laser beam hits the aluminum surface, grease, oil, dirt and aluminum oxides are all vaporized into dust and fumes. The laser sends the right amount of energy to remove those contaminants without introducing impurities in the aluminum and metals. Beyond metal cutting and welding, auto manufacturers are upgrading to laser cutting for vehicle sealing, custom luxury seats, interior components, airbags, and perforating fabric. The auto industry is also utilizing CleanTechTM laser cleaning systems (mold cleaning, part cleaning, and surface prep, automotive paint removal), 3D metal printing and engraving marking (UID marking, barcoding, backlit panels/switches, glass marking, ablation, etching, marking, and more. Our goal is to provide manufacturing customers with a faster, safer method of cutting, engraving, marking, and cleaning that can be repeated and operated 24-7. Solutions that will reduce operating cost and generate ROI by fulfilling more orders – faster.<br /><br />Why upgrade underperforming equipment to innovative laser systems from Laser Photonics?<br />1. Reduce cost of operation: low power consumption limited to no maintenance<br />2.  Unmatchable speed, accuracy, and precision<br />3. Ability to easily cut almost any material – especially highly reflective metals<br />4. No additional learning curve – CNC controls with G-Code programming<br />5. Longest lasting lasers of any type<br />6. Expandable: from 2” x 2”, robot arms, 6’ x12’ large format table to custom sizes<br />7. Safe, easy to operate and 24/7 365 operating longevity<br /><br />Laser Cleaning Applications:<br />Depainting<br />High Power Laser Surface Cleaning<br />High Power Laser Surface Treatment<br />Induced Surface Improvement<br />Uniform Surface with Low HAZ<br />High Power Laser Paint Removal<br />Subtractive Surface Treatment<br />Surface Texturing<br />Cosmetic Surface Conditioning (Replaces Bead Blasting)<br />Tire Mold Cleaning<br />Mold Cleaning<br />Selective Paint Removal<br />Metal Parts Cleaning<br />Anodizing Removal<br />3D Surface Cleaning and Conditioning<br />Laser Cleaning<br />“On-The-Fly” Laser Cleaning<br />Laser Ablation (Anodized, Painted<br />or Coated)<br />Laser Paint Stripping and Removal<br />Laser Rust and Corrosion Removal<br />Laser Degreasing<br /><br />To discuss your potential laser cleaning application, Contact Laser Photonics, 407-804-1000, or fill out our contact form to be contacted by a laser expert:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.laserphotonics.com/contact-laser-photonics">https://www.laserphotonics.com/contact-laser-photonics</a>{% endraw %}
