---
title: "\"NOW THIS Is Terrifying..\" Something Unbelievable Is Happening In China (2022)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/HLepNfx6p2E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "HLepNfx6p2E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["2022","video","best"]
date: "2022-01-19T13:31:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-17T20:30:03Z"
duration: "PT14M20S"
viewcount: "70716"
likeCount: "3276"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Anonymous Official"
---
{% raw %}MUST WATCH THIS - Something Unbelievable Is Happening In China! NO ONE CAN EXPLAIN IT!..<br /><br />China, officially the People's Republic of China, is a country in East Asia. It is the world's most populous country, with a population of more than 1.4 billion. China spans five geographical time zones and borders 14 different countries, the second most of any country in the world after Russia. Covering an area of approximately 9.6 million square kilometers, it is the world's third or fourth largest country. The country consists of 23 provinces, four municipalities, five autonomous regions, and two Special Administrative Regions (Hong Kong and Macau). The national capital is Beijing.<br /><br />&quot;Ancient astronauts&quot; (or &quot;ancient aliens&quot;) refers to a pseudoscientific hypothesis, that intelligent extraterrestrial beings visited Earth and made contact with humans in antiquity and prehistoric times. Proponents suggest that this contact influenced the development of modern cultures, technologies, religions, and human biology. A common position is that deities from most, if not all, religions are extraterrestrial in origin, and that advanced technologies brought to Earth by ancient astronauts were interpreted as evidence of divine status by early humans.<br /><br />The hypothesis that ancient astronauts existed and allegedly visited Earth is not taken seriously by most academics and archaeologists, which consider it to be pseudoarchaeological and/or unscientific, and has received no credible attention in peer reviewed studies. When proponents of the idea present evidence in favor of their beliefs, it is often distorted or fabricated.<br /><br />Extraterrestrial life is hypothetical life that may occur outside Earth and which did not originate on Earth. Such life might range from simple prokaryotes (or comparable life forms) to intelligent beings and even sapient beings, possibly bringing forth civilizations that might be far more advanced than humanity. The Drake equation speculates about the existence of sapient life elsewhere in the universe. The science of extraterrestrial life in all its forms is known as astrobiology.<br /><br />The concept of extraterrestrial life, and particularly extraterrestrial intelligence, has had a major cultural impact, chiefly in works of science fiction. Over the years, science fiction communicated scientific ideas, imagined a wide range of possibilities, and influenced public interest in and perspectives of extraterrestrial life. One shared space is the debate over the wisdom of attempting communication with extraterrestrial intelligence. Some encourage aggressive methods to try for contact with intelligent extraterrestrial life. Others—citing the tendency of technologically advanced human societies to enslave or wipe out less advanced societies—argue that it may be dangerous to actively call attention to Earth.<br /><br />This is, &quot;NOW THIS Is Terrifying..&quot; Something Unbelievable Is Happening In China<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE @Anonymous Official  for more<br /><br />Follow us<br />YouTube <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/anonymous">https://youtube.com/anonymous</a><br />Instagram <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/anonymous">https://instagram.com/anonymous</a><br />Twitter <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/anonymousofcl">https://twitter.com/anonymousofcl</a><br />Facebook <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/anonymousdirect">https://www.facebook.com/anonymousdirect</a><br /><br />Content licensed in part by Zohar Entertainment Group.<br /><br />MOTIVATIONAL<br />MOTIVATIONAL EDUCATION<br />MOTIVATIONAL VIDEO<br />MOTIVATIONAL RECOMMENDED<br /><br />2022 truth message full video new video today this week this month this year education motivational follow recommended motivation educational aliens ufo documentary universe earth{% endraw %}
