---
title: "Top Brutal And Cruel Moments Of Predators Eating Their Prey Alive."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/aCjt0O1PT2o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "aCjt0O1PT2o"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Top Brutal and Cruel Moments of Predators Eating Their Preys Alive!!","animals","eaten alive"]
date: "2022-03-14T15:54:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-14T12:08:04Z"
duration: "PT17M55S"
viewcount: "1972"
likeCount: "59"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}When predators are on the hunt, they don’t have time to waste, so when they catch something,  many will eat it alive. Have you ever seen a pride of lions eating a cape buffalo alive? What about crocodiles on the prowl for wildebeest? If you want to see unscrupulous predators in action, keep watching, as we look at the top brutal and cruel moments of predators eating their prey alive.<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “Top 16 Moments When Snakes Battled Each Other”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/0snJi8XUIk4">https://youtu.be/0snJi8XUIk4</a><br />Watch our “The Craziest Crocodile Hunting And Battling Moments Caught On Camera”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/BUN_VaTY10o">https://youtu.be/BUN_VaTY10o</a><br />Watch our “The Rarest Hunting Moments By The Lynx And Bobcat Captured On Camera”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/mNDFeXZEmv8">https://youtu.be/mNDFeXZEmv8</a><br /><br />Jabiru Stork Fishing<br /><br />The jabiru is the world's tallest flying bird, standing nearly as tall as the flightless and hence considerably heavier greater rhea. In this video, we can see a jabiru stork fishing. The bird dips his beak into the water and pulls out fish, swallowing them whole. It’s straightforward if you ask me.  Another jabiru stork is looking for some interesting goodies in the water. <br /><br />After finding his meal,  he swallows it whole. Most of its food comes from the ground, low vegetation, and shallow water. It is a monogamous breeder who does not stay with the same partner for life. If you look carefully at this Jabiru stork while he’s fishing, you’ll notice after he’s picked up the fish, he throws it back into the water to kill it, before swallowing it whole. So, he doesn’t eat the fish alive. First, he finds it, then makes the kill, and then swallows it whole. <br /><br />Leopard Eating Piglet<br /><br />This leopard is holding a tiny piglet in his mouth, and the piglet is swinging his body from side to side to try to escape, but little does he know his fate is decided. When the leopard turns his head, we can see the piglet’s head is entirely inside the big cat’s mouth, but the piglet is still alive. I’m not quite sure I understand why the leopard is not killing the piglet.  During the months of November and December, many warthog piglets begin to leave the shelter of their caves. This gives an opportunity for predators to pounce on some pretty simple prey, in addition to being incredibly attractive and amusing! <br /><br />Of course, they must stay away from an enraged mother warthog! This juvenile female leopard caught a piglet in the thicket and climbed the tree rapidly to evade the mother warthog. She decided to feed in the protection of a marula tree because there were spotted hyenas in the neighborhood. It's fascinating to watch her consume the entire piglet, bones, hooves, and all! This leopard is parked in a tree, with a piglet in her mouth. The piglet is still alive, but not for long. The leopard took her prey up in a tree to make sure she was safe from predators and scavengers that might be interested in her prize.  This leopard quickly snatches a small piglet from his mom, but mom comes charging towards the big cat trying to ram into it, missing by just a few inches. The leopard manages to escape with the piglet.{% endraw %}
