---
title: "How to Offer Employee Equity as a SaaS Startup Founder"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KD3ap-WN1Hs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KD3ap-WN1Hs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Allocating Equity","Employee Equity","Build Your Dream Team"]
date: "2022-04-04T19:32:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-07-22T09:59:27Z"
duration: "PT16M34S"
viewcount: "14811"
likeCount: "276"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dan Martell"
---
{% raw %}Do you have your team structure, equity percentage and vesting schedule in place? In this video, I'm going to share with you why I think the way everyone thinks about equity is backwards.<br /><br />Exclusive Resource: Fundraising Like a Pro - Learn the 3 phases of fundraising and a 7 week process for starting &amp; closing your next round of funding - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2Y8fp7v">http://bit.ly/2Y8fp7v</a><br /><br />---<br /><br />Let's connect on...<br /><br />+ Instagram (behind the scenes): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://instagram.com/danmartell">http://instagram.com/danmartell</a><br />+ Facebook (live trainings + Q&amp;A): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://FB.com/DanMartell">http://FB.com/DanMartell</a><br />+ Twitter (what I'm reading): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://twitter.com/danmartell">http://twitter.com/danmartell</a><br /><br />---<br /><br />Imagine the following…<br /><br />You’re growing fast and you need to hire a new biz dev guy. <br /><br />He’s convinced that he's going to add a lot of value to your company, and asked for 1% of your startup, so you give it to him.<br /><br />After a few months, you pivot the business and he’s no longer needed (plus he didn’t actually do anything while he was around).<br /><br />Next thing you know, you are just about to raise the first round of funding for a different product and you realize he’s still got 1%.<br /><br />What do you do…?<br /><br />You jump on a plane, waste time trying to convince them to sell you their equity share before you close… <br /><br />This is a true story that happened to me while I was building Flowtown. <br /><br />Equity is a great way to keep your employees motivated to scale your company, but it's important to do it right or it can backfire against bigtime. <br /><br />In today's video, I cover the 7 steps to ensure the right equity allocation that will make the most sense for your company.<br /><br />Here are the 7 steps:<br /><br />1. Build your dream team<br />2. Carve out your equity pool<br />3. Research compensation<br />4. Vesting schedule<br />5. Stock options vs other options <br />6. Plan for grants and promotions<br />7. Set an expiration timeline<br /><br />Each of these steps is crucial when it comes to doing equity right, but researching compensation is especially important for tying salary with equity for your employees.<br /><br />It all basically boils down to offering compensation and equity opportunities that are relevant for the region of your business.<br /><br />A CTO in San Francisco does not get the same compensation as a CTO in Nebraska, so make sure you do your research by consulting glassdoor.com or similar resources. <br /><br />The industry baseline in the region will give you a ballpark figure, which you can then combine with equity at different risk levels. <br /><br />Give your hires the ability to choose between small, medium, and larger amounts of high-risk equity. <br /><br />The   option will give them a higher salary but lower amount of equity, while the high-risk option will give them the opposite (more equity).<br /><br />This strategy will help you recognize the highly motivated and long-term committed hires which will drive your company forward. <br /><br />Watch the full video to learn my other equity tips, and be sure to leave a comment below.<br /><br />Dan “Equity Master” Martell<br /><br />Don't forget to share this entrepreneurial advice with your friends, so they can learn too: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/KD3ap-WN1Hs">https://youtu.be/KD3ap-WN1Hs</a><br /><br />=====================<br />ABOUT DAN MARTELL<br />=====================<br /><br />“You can only keep what you give away.” That’s the mantra that’s shaped Dan Martell from a struggling 20-something business owner in the Canadian Maritimes (which is waaay out east) to a successful startup founder who’s raised more than $3 million in venture funding and exited not one... not two... but three tech businesses: Clarity.fm, Spheric and Flowtown.<br /><br />You can only keep what you give away. That philosophy has led Dan to invest in 33+ early stage startups such as Udemy, Intercom, Unbounce and Foodspotting. It’s also helped him shape the future of Hootsuite as an advisor to the social media tour de force. <br /><br />An activator, a tech geek, an adrenaline junkie and, yes, a romantic (ask his wife Renee), Dan has recently turned his attention to teaching startups a fundamental, little-discussed lesson that directly impacts their growth: how to scale. You’ll find not only incredible insights in every moment of every talk Dan gives - but also highly actionable takeaways that will propel your business forward. Because Dan gives freely of all that he knows. After all, you can only keep what you give away.<br /><br />Exclusive Resource: Fundraising Like a Pro - Learn the 3 phases of fundraising and a 7 week process for starting &amp; closing your next round of funding - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2Y8fp7v">http://bit.ly/2Y8fp7v</a>{% endraw %}
