---
title: "Drake-Jungle Official Music Video"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/SQYOL9qU6TY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "SQYOL9qU6TY"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["drake","jungle","music"]
date: "2022-04-08T08:56:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-11-20T00:27:57Z"
duration: "PT5M24S"
viewcount: "1216609"
likeCount: "24436"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Sielu"
---
{% raw %}Please watch: &quot;(3) My Side -Drake Lyrics &quot; <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d4CsiMr5Iw">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5d4CsiMr5Iw</a> --~--<br />[Chorus: Gabriel Garz贸n Montano]<br />Rock me real slowly<br />Put a bib on me<br />I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you<br />The things you do<br /><br />[Verse 1: Drake]<br />These days, I'm lettin' God handle all things above me<br />The things I can't change are the reasons you love me<br />Listen, you can hear them callin' my name<br />I'm all over the place, I can't sit in one place<br />I'm not ashamed at all<br />Still findin' myself, let alone a soulmate, I'm just sayin'<br />Feel like we one and the same, our relationship changed<br />That or it never existed<br />Whenever they say somethin' bout us you listen<br />But fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline<br />That's cuttin' all into my time with you<br />Fuck what they talkin' about on your timeline<br />That's cuttin' all into my time with you<br />My time with you, my<br /><br />[Chorus: Gabriel Garz贸n Montano]<br />Rock me real slowly<br />Put a bib on me<br />I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you<br />The things you do<br /><br />[Verse 2: Drake]<br />She said you're my everything<br />I love you through everything, I done did everything to her<br />She forgave me for everything, this a forever thing<br />Hate that I treat it like it's a whatever thing<br />Trust me girl, this shit is everything to me<br />She from the jungle, she from the jungle<br />I take somebody else's car, drive there undercover<br />This shit is everything to me, this shit is everything<br />Don't know where we stand, I used to hit you 'bout everything<br />Are we still good? Are we still good?<br />Are we still good? Are we still good?<br />If I need to talk, are you around?<br />Are you down for the cause?<br />Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?<br />Are you down for the cause?<br />Are you down? Are you down? Are you down?<br />Are you down for the cause?<br />You still down? You still down? You still down?<br /><br />[Chorus: Gabriel Garz贸n Montano]<br />Rock me real slowly<br />Put a bib on me<br />I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you<br />The things you do<br /><br />[Verse 3: Drake]<br />Yeah, these days these new girls, they got me nervous<br />They go to school and do bottle service<br />They can't decide, they keep switchin' majors<br />Being indecisive makes me anxious<br />Call your number and it's out of service<br />Who can I call for your information?<br />What am I supposed to do after we done everything that we've done?<br />Who is your replacement?<br />Are we still good? Are we still good?<br />Are we still good? Are we still good?<br /><br />[Outro: Gabriel Garz贸n Montano]<br />Rock me real slowly<br />Rock me real slowly<br />I'm just like a baby, droolin' over you<br />Rock me real slowly<br />Rock, put a bib on me{% endraw %}
