---
title: "The best and most precious things"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/B5bEdiPafBA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "B5bEdiPafBA"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["khan brothers studio","khan brothers video","khan brothers"]
date: "2022-02-18T09:54:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-18T06:45:32Z"
duration: "PT1M52S"
viewcount: "70"
likeCount: "11"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Khan Brothers Studio"
---
{% raw %}The best and most precious things<br />---<br />Khan Brothers Studio is a World Best &amp; Biggest Education &amp; Entertainment Studio.<br />---<br />Khan Brothers Studio is associated with Education &amp; Entertainment from past Four decades.<br />---<br />Voice : Rj Shan Ali<br />Editor : Sardar Irfan Khan<br />Back Music : Sad Flute Tune<br />Selection : Sardar Irfan Khan<br />Label : Khan Brothers Studio<br />Production : Khan Brothers Studio<br />Uploaded By : Khan Brothers Studio (YouTube Channel)<br />-----------------------------------------------<br />-----------------------------------------------<br />Channel Owner (Khan Brothers)<br />Sardar Irfan Khan<br />Sardar ZeeShan Khan <br />Sardar Faizan Khan<br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br />Enjoy &amp; Stay Connected With Us!<br />-----------------------------------------------<br />Like Us on Facebook : <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/KhanBrothers...">https://www.facebook.com/KhanBrothers...</a><br />---<br />Follow On Instagram :<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/khanbrother...">https://www.instagram.com/khanbrother...</a><br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br /><br />Note : All copyright are reserved by Khan Brothers Studio, So don,t re-upload.If anyone try to use our content when they will face strike.<br /><br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br />#KhanBrothersStudio<br />#RjShanAli<br />#Precious<br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br /><br />Disclaimer : This channel does not promote or encourage any illegal activities , all contents provided by this channel (Khan Brothers Studio) is meant for educational purpose only.<br /><br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br /><br />We are constantly working hard on making the (Khan Brothers Studio) better and more entertaining for you.We need your constant support to get going.Please feel free to comment box for any queries/suggestions/problems or if you just want to say hello.We would love to hear from you.If you have enjoyed video, do not forget to SUBSCRIBE on YouTube and share among your friends.<br /><br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br /><br />I declare that all slideshow belong me. Photos all are taken from Google Image search and using advanced image search option.All images were fairly used during the making of this video for education purposes. We do not mean to victimize anybody emotionally. Thanks to Google for providing this beautiful and related pictures.<br /><br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br /><br />I am neither a poet not a writer, i am simply narrator. I just present the magical words in my own way in my own style.<br /><br />--------------*-------*--------*----------------<br /><br />Note : Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br />_________Thanks For Watching_________<br />---------------Khan Brothers Studio----------------{% endraw %}
