---
title: "How to Watch the 2022 Grammy Awards Live From Anywhere 📺🔥"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/0Drruz08a_U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "0Drruz08a_U"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["How to Watch the 2022 Grammy Awards Live From Anywhere","grammy awards","where to watch the grammys 2022"]
date: "2022-01-14T15:45:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-09T13:52:35Z"
duration: "PT9M59S"
viewcount: "2734"
likeCount: "144"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Popcorn Flix"
---
{% raw %}Here's how to watch the 2022 Grammy Awards live from anywhere. These are the 3 best VPNs in the business especially for unblocking streaming services and bypassing geo-restrictions.<br />1️⃣ 👉 Get ExpressVPN ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3f99uWB">https://bit.ly/3f99uWB</a><br />     💥SAVE 49% off + 3 months FREE + 30 Day Money Back Guarantee💥<br /><br />2️⃣ 👉 Get NordVPN ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3q9v2bU">https://bit.ly/3q9v2bU</a><br />       💥SAVE 73% + 1 FREE Month + 30 Day Money Back Guarantee💥<br /><br />3️⃣ 👉 Get Surfshark ➜ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3zHWVLx">https://bit.ly/3zHWVLx</a><br />     💥SAVE 81% + 30 Day Money Back Guarantee💥<br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬<br /><br />👉 Here's how to watch the 2022 Grammy Awards live from anywhere. These are the 3 best VPNs in the business especially for unblocking streaming services and bypassing geo-restrictions.<br /><br />How's it going everybody? Welcome back. And today I'm gonna show you guys how you can watch the 2021 Grammys from anywhere. So before we get if you guys are interested in any of these VPNs mentioned today, you'll find links to special deals and discounts in the description down below, as well as for reviews. If you'd like to learn more about these VPNs. Obviously, we're going to be using a VPN one of these VPN to unblock these services. And, of course, CBS, YouTube TV and other platforms. As you may know, they all restrict access or the Grammys to enforce the strict licensing agreements they have with certain countries. This is also to regulate broadcasters rights to stream the show and to protect the musicians regional distribution agreements, streaming platforms block users away that foreign IP addresses to follow these agreements. streaming sites use tough detection technology to prevent fans abroad from accessing their content. That said, you can use a VPN or a virtual private network software to get around these restrictions.<br />So it's not yet available, so I can't really play it. What I can do, what what happens when I click more, learn more, yeah, you can't really play it. So can't really tell if it's available or not. So you want to go to shows, let's say or just CBS. Okay, and one of these shows right here. Let's try to play this right here. Watch now. And it should say that it's not available for me. There we go. This video isn't available in your location due to licensing restrictions. Now I don't recommend Sling TV or fubo.  And you'll be able to secure up to five devices per subscription with Nord VPN, you get over 5100 servers in 60 countries and even though you've got 34 Less countries, then Nord VPN, you can still that, you can still tell that it's covering almost most of the globe, so not bad at all. And once you're connected to the live chat support, you are able to ask for your refund, or whatever other question you might be having about these VPNs. And keep in mind that all of these VPNs, no matter which plan, you go for it, they're all covered by 30 day money back guarantee, even if you just go for the single month plan to try it out, you're still able to get yourself the refund. Now what I would recommend is that, you know, you can try it out for 30 days. And if you like it, whether you like it or not, I would say get yourself that refund, get that money back and then get yourself the long term plan. So yeah, I would say that's a pretty good strategy if you're looking to just try out the service before you get the long term plan. So that'll be it for this video. If you guys are interested in any of these VPNs again, you'll find links to special deals and discounts in the description down below. So feel free to take advantage of those while they last you'll also find reviews, I'll give you a more in depth look into the privacy policy speed streaming and torrenting capabilities as well as security features. Comment below if you have any questions. I'll be happy to answer all of them like and subscribe if you'd like to support the channel and stay up to date with everything VPNs in cybersecurity. Thank you guys very much for watching and I'll see you in the next one. Have a wonderful day.<br /><br />- DISCLOSURE -<br /><br />I am affiliated, but not sponsored by any VPN provider. This means I might make money when you purchase paid services through the links provided and I might be able to offer discounts when available. Not being sponsored allows me to keep my own opinions and provide reviews and tutorials without bias. So, if you enjoyed the content consider using my affiliate links. All of my opinions on this channel are always my own!<br /><br />Hope you enjoyed my How to Watch the 2022 Grammy Awards Live From Anywhere Video.<br /><br />#HowtoWatchthe2022GrammyAwardsLive<br />#Watchthe2022GrammyAwardsLive<br />#Watchthe2022GrammyAwards{% endraw %}
