---
title: "Song of Comradeship 동지애의 노래 - DPRK State Merited Chorus (eng. sub.)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/LOhIPzb-9B8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "LOhIPzb-9B8"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["DPRK","North Korea","KIm Jong Un"]
date: "2022-02-02T05:58:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-29T17:30:01Z"
duration: "PT5M50S"
viewcount: "635"
likeCount: "83"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "푸옹 Phuong DPRK Daily"
---
{% raw %}About the name HAN BYOL sung in this song<br />This name was given to Kim Il Sung by his comrades during the anti-Japanese struggle.<br />Kim Il Sung wrote in his memoirs:<br />”Around the time the song &quot;Star of Korea&quot; <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://t1p.de/StarOfKorea">https://t1p.de/StarOfKorea</a> was being spread, my comrades changed my name and began to call me Han Byol. They changed my name despite my protests and called me Han Byol, meaning “One Star.” It was Pyon Tae U and other public-minded people in Wujiazi and such young communists as Choe Il Chon who proposed to change my name into Kim Il Sung, meaning &quot;becoming the sun&quot;. Thus I was called by three names, Song Ju, Han Byol and Il Sung. Kim Song Ju is the name my father gave me. When I was a child I was called Jung Son. My great-grandmother called me Jung Son, and the rest of my family followed suit. As I was very fond of the name my father gave me, I did not like to be called by another name. Still less did I tolerate the people extolling me by comparing me to a star or the sun; it did not befit me, young man. But my comrades would not listen to me, no matter how sternly I rebuked them for it or argued against it. They were fond of calling me Kim Il Sung, although they knew that I did not like it.<br />It was in the spring of 1931 when I spent some three weeks in prison, having been arrested by the warlords in Guyushu, that the name Kim Il Sung appeared in the press for the first time. Until that time most of my acquaintances had called me by my real name, Song Ju.”<br />from: Kim Il Sung, Reminiscences “With the Century,” Volume 2<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.korean-books.com.kp/KBMbooks/en/work/memoirs/22.pdf">http://www.korean-books.com.kp/KBMbooks/en/work/memoirs/22.pdf</a><br />In the latter half of the 1920s when Kim Il Sung conducted revolutionary activities in and around Wujiazi, the rumour of the appearance of a great leader spread extensively, and hot-headed young men came to Jilin one after the other. They had participated in the communist movement with the ambition of achieving greatness, but had been disillusioned at the foul factional strife within the early communist movement. From the moment they met Kim Il Sung he had charmed them. What a great man! They concentrated on him, as if finding an oasis in a desert. They put their trust in him as the leader of the nation whom all people should look up to. So they called him Han Byol, meaning &quot;one star&quot;, to express their wish that he become the lodestar of the Nation. But they were not satisfied with that. Such a great man should be the sun, rather than one star. Hence, his name was changed to Kim Il Sung meaning &quot;becoming the sun&quot;.{% endraw %}
