---
title: "How to Reverse Around the Corner for The Irish Driving Test"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/mH9OAv8KiOY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "mH9OAv8KiOY"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Driving Lessons","Reverse Around The Corner","Ireland"]
date: "2022-02-09T22:32:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-01-27T16:18:36Z"
duration: "PT5M24S"
viewcount: "36719"
likeCount: "494"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ladybird Driving School"
---
{% raw %}How to Reverse Around the Corner for The Irish Driving Test<br /><br />Reversing around the corner allows you to change direction if it's too narrow to carry out the turn on the road.<br /><br />There are several ways of carrying out this manoeuvre, which can be discussed with you're Ladybird Driving Instructor on the day.<br /><br />Our driving instructor Nadine who has been teaching for many years offers one way to reverse around the corner successfully in 3 simple steps this video.<br /><br />STEP 1: The Process<br /><br />We'll be using the Preparation, Observation, Manoeuvre Routine. (POM)<br /><br />Learning this skill is vital and enables you demonstrate 3 essential skills.<br /><br />ONE: Vehicle Control - You need to be able to display fluid well developed steering action throughout, in combination with smooth action on the clutch, brake and accelerator if necessary.<br /><br />TWO: Observation - Checking for near by pedestrians and traffic by carefully looking all around, in front of, and behind you over both shoulders and in your mirrors, taking special care where children may be gathered.<br /><br />Giving way to all road users and if required selecting first gear and moving back to you're starting point.<br /><br />THREE: Positioning - Your ability to keep reasonably close to the kerb maintaining consistent distance as you negotiate the bend.<br /><br />STEP 2: The Setup<br /><br />Pull over to the left just before corner you want to reverse around selecting first gear, checking mirrors, signal your intention to move out, and looking over you're right shoulder for any other road users that may be approaching (This area is known as you're Blindspot area). <br /><br />If it's clear, move out slightly and move forward passed the junction, looking at the side roads as you pass.<br /><br />This will allow you to identify any potential hazards preventing you from carrying out the manoeuvre.<br /><br />Once you've passed the side road signal you're intention to pull in and stop smoothly and safely approximately two car lengths passed the turn and approximately half a meter away from the kerb.<br /><br />Always apply a handbrake after the vehicle has come to a rest and select neutral gear.<br /><br />STEP 3: The Reverse<br /><br />Press the clutch fully down, select reverse gear, and release the clutch slowly and smoothly until you reach a bitting point.<br /><br />You must have 360 degree view around you're vehicle!<br /><br />Pay particular attention for small children and if it's safe to move off let the handbrake  off and keep the vehicle moving at a walking pace using proper clutch control.<br /><br />Stop if any other road users approach from any direction.<br /><br />STEP 4: When to Turn<br /><br />Before moving off check the initial turning point as this is where the straight part of the kerb meets the curve (in some cases).<br /><br />This may require an adjustment of your left wing mirror. After you've completed the manoeuvre make sure to adjust your left wing mirror back to it's correct position before moving off.<br /><br />When you're back wheel comes in line with this point the steering wheel can be gently turned left. The amount you turn would depend on the severity of the curve.<br /><br />As the front of you're vehicle starts swinging out it's vitally important to look over you're right shoulder for any approaching traffic.<br /><br />As you enter the new road pay particular attention to the other vehicles that may not realise what you're doing and drive in behind you.<br /><br />Keep you're speed at walking pace to remain in full control.<br /><br />STEP 5: Straightening Up <br /><br />As you're now entering the new road glance out of the left wing mirror to check if the distance from the rear tyre to the kerb measures approximately half a meter.<br /><br />At this point slightly counter steer right until the wheels are straight and continue back into the road until the tester tells you to stop.<br /><br />Don't forget that you must still remain highly vigilant at this time around the corner.<br /><br />Then you can clutch down, brake to a stop, apply handbrake and select neutral gear. <br /><br />Once again ensure that you're not blocking any driveways or causing any obstruction.<br /><br />With plenty of practice you too will have enough confidence to carry out the manoeuvre successfully.<br /><br />Thanks for talking the time to watch this video. If you've any further questions for us please feel free to contact us in the comments or on our website we would be delighted to hear from you. <br /><br />Getting Driving Test Ready - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ladybirddrivingschool.ie">https://ladybirddrivingschool.ie</a><br /><br />Ladybird Driving School #Reverse #DrivingLessons #DrivingTest #Ireland{% endraw %}
