---
title: "The 10 Best Places To Live & Work In Africa - Around The World"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CWFp_T2G20U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CWFp_T2G20U"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["living in Africa","moving to Africa","best places to live in Africa"]
date: "2022-06-04T18:00:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-03-20T13:58:48Z"
duration: "PT9M32S"
viewcount: "31755"
likeCount: "689"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Around The World"
---
{% raw %}Africa is the second-largest continent in the world in both area and population, covering about one-fifth of the total land surface of Earth. <br />It is an almost entirely isolated landmass with only a small land bridge in the northeast, connecting the African Mainland with Western Asia. <br />Africa contains an enormous wealth of mineral resources, including some of the world’s largest reserves of fossil fuels, metallic ores, and gems and precious metals. <br />This richness is matched by a great diversity of biological resources that includes the intensely lush equatorial rainforests of Central Africa, and the world-famous populations of wildlife of the eastern and southern portions of the continent. <br />Although agriculture (primarily subsistence) still dominates the economies of many African countries, the exploitation of these resources became the most significant economic activity in Africa in the 20th century.<br /><br />Climatic and other factors have exerted considerable influence on the patterns of human settlement in Africa. <br />While some areas appear to have been inhabited more or less continuously since the dawn of humanity, enormous regions—notably the desert areas of northern and southwestern Africa—have been largely unoccupied for prolonged periods of time. <br />Thus, although Africa is the second largest continent, it contains only about 15% of the world’s population. <br /><br />The beautiful African cities are amazing places to live in, because they are emerging markets with many business and career prospects, and they have basic infrastructure as well as many attractions for recreation.<br /><br />If you are thinking of moving abroad and want to experience a different culture, then one option is to make a move to Africa. <br />Each of the countries on this continent has its own culture and landscape, so each location offers something different in terms of lifestyle. <br />Every location has both pros and cons, so it is important to consider the options when choosing the best location for you. <br />Here's the list of the 10 best places to live, to work, to visit in Africa:<br />10. Seychelles.   (best place to visit)<br />9. Tunisia. <br />8. Tanzania. <br />7. Mauritius.   (happiest country)<br />6. Namibia. <br />5. Kenya.  <br />4. Rwanda.  (safest place)<br />3. Morocco. <br />2. South Africa.  (best place to live)<br />1. Egypt.  (best place to work) <br />Thanks for watching this video. I hope it's useful for you. This article is an opinion based on facts and is meant as infotainment. <br />============<br />► Subscribe for latest video ! ►  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/lOasu9">https://goo.gl/lOasu9</a><br /><br />► Twitter: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/srKHao">https://goo.gl/srKHao</a><br /><br />► Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/yB9XvG">https://goo.gl/yB9XvG</a><br /><br />►Business email: truthseekerdailys@gmail.com{% endraw %}
