---
title: "COLREG Actions Stand On Give Way Vessels - simple IRPCS how to guide"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XxhzQ54rbzw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XxhzQ54rbzw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["captain","coastal","safety"]
date: "2022-05-05T21:11:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-09-01T17:34:30Z"
duration: "PT10M52S"
viewcount: "6953"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Coastal Safety"
---
{% raw %}COLREG Actions of &quot;Stand On&quot; &amp;  &quot;Give Way&quot; Vessels - simple IRPCS how to guide.  www.coastalsafety.com   <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/XxhzQ54rbzw">https://youtu.be/XxhzQ54rbzw</a><br /><br />+ International Regulations for Prevention of Collision at Sea - actions of stand on and give way vessels.<br />+ 3 main close quarters situations - and explanation <br />+ Coastal Safety boats in glorious animation to explain the rules <br />+ Top Tips of avoiding a drama at sea - sail safe - sail happy <br /><br />The International Regulations for the Prevention of Collisions at Sea apply to all vessels on the high sea and all waterways connected therewith.<br />&quot;Vessel&quot; includes every description of watercraft used or capable of being used on the water,  including<br />• small boats<br />• sailboats<br />• motor boats<br />• pleasure boats<br />• commercial boats<br />• ships<br />• jetski<br />• seaplanes<br />This is international law - it does apply to you!<br />• what actions are required to avoid close quarters situations and risk of collision<br />• your legal obligations and those of the other vessels involved<br />• Persons in charge of vessels both commercial or recreational must have the knowledge and fully understand:<br />You must understand:<br />• Assessing the Risk<br />• Who Gives Way?<br />• What action to take to avoid a collision <br />• You must avoid a collision by taking clear and obvious actions.<br />• Always use a safe speed.<br />The first question is &quot;Does a risk of collision exist?&quot;<br />If there is a risk, then both skippers have responsibilities.<br />One is deemed the &quot;stand on&quot; vessel and the other the 'give way' vessel.<br />However, there is no absolute right and wrong and you both have a duty to avoid a close quarters situation or a collision.<br /><br />Crossing situation<br />The stand on vessel should hold its course and speed<br />She should also carefully monitor what action the &quot;give way&quot; vessel is taking and ask if it is enough action.<br />The give way vessel should alter it's course and/or speed to stay well clear of the &quot;stand on&quot; vessel.<br />Give way or stand-on?<br />You are the &quot;give way&quot; vessel in a crossing situation if you see the other craft approaching from the starboard (right) side. At night you would see the red side light of the other vessel.<br />You are the &quot;stand on&quot; vessel in a crossing situation if you see the other craft approaching from your &quot;port side&quot; (left) . At night you would see the green side light of the other vessel.<br />Overtaking<br />An overtaking vessel (one which falls within an arc of 135° at the rear of the craft being overtaken) must keep well clear of the vessel it is overtaking.<br />The vessel being overtaken must maintain its course and speed until finally past and clear.<br /><br />Share with friends and those that ought to know :-)  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/XxhzQ54rbzw">https://youtu.be/XxhzQ54rbzw</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/XxhzQ54rbzw">https://youtu.be/XxhzQ54rbzw</a>{% endraw %}
