---
title: "Evaluation of Russia by Finnish Intelligence Colonel (English audio) | December 3, 2018"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/5F45i0v_u6s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "5F45i0v_u6s"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["EU","Elvytyspaketti","Elpymispaketti"]
date: "2022-03-24T17:11:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-16T16:36:24Z"
duration: "PT54M11S"
viewcount: "29369"
likeCount: "796"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "fin_topsu"
---
{% raw %}Credits and thank you to Thorsten Kurz for creating this synthesized English audio from the original Finnish language lecture. (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/kF9KretXqJw)">https://youtu.be/kF9KretXqJw)</a><br /><br />Martti J. Kari (former intelligence colonel in the Finnish Defence Forces): Russian strategic culture - Why Russia does things the way it does?<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/maraj60">https://twitter.com/maraj60</a><br /><br />Subtitles can be opened and changed from the video settings<br /><br />Quiet parts between sentences have been cut out of this version, therefore it's 6 minutes shorter than the original<br /><br />0:00 Personal introduction<br />0:45 Governmental, political and military questions - How is Russia different from all the other countries and why?<br />2:44 Russia's six layers in history: Slavic, Byzantine, Asian, chaos, European and Superpower<br />4:25 Cultural features from the Mongol era: corruption, cruelty and lying<br />3:54 The era of Europe and Russia as a superpower: Peter the Great, a land between the West and the East<br />7:22 Geographical nature of Russia, 11 time zones and flat area on the west<br />8:02 Belief in Russianness at three points: Orthodoxy, autocracy and the people, narodnost<br />8:23 Autocracy: a central authoritarian regime<br />9:20 Autocracy: Faith in a fair good tsar and princes<br />9:40 Autocracy: Boyars between the people and infallible leaders: No right of ownership, but a right of possession according to social status, rules, corruption and nomenclature<br />12:06 Autocracy: Boyars practically in a modern Russia<br />13:17 Orthodoxy: The Importance of Religion in Russia<br />14:36 The people: narodnost, nationality. The Tsar knows better what is best for the people<br />15:26 Ability to wait and endure suffering and two different realities, sacrificing oneself to the leader<br />17:02 Homo sovieticus - the new Soviet man<br />18:12 Faith in Russian summarized before and now - Has anything changed?<br />18:32 &quot;A little war in the border areas is needed to sustain a patriotic spirit&quot; from the 19th century<br />18:45 Social system - receiving information in Russia from a state television channel<br />20:09 The Kremlin's narratives: a besieged fort, a constant war, and an enemy at the gates<br />21:56 The Kremlin's neurotic view of the world affairs is based on a traditional and instinctive sense of insecurity<br />23:16 Faith in power and use of force: Deaf to the logic of reason, but very sensitive to the logic of power<br />23:58 Territorial enlargement: fear-based imperialism<br />24:54 Asymmetry - Information Geopolitics &amp; Information Influence: Are characters like Johan Bäckman just distracting from real influence?<br />26:55 Russia's Messianic Mission and Pan-Slavism - The Leaders' Knowledge of Saving Europe<br />27:59 The Russians seeing the world through history<br />29:46 How do Russians see Finns? Bronze Horseman - A.S. Pushkin - The Russian landscape through the first poem taught to children<br />31:10 Russia's technological backwardness throughout history, from ships to atomic bombs to computers<br />33:24 Russian Truth: The Significance of Language and Concepts, Especially for Lie and Truth<br />36:27 Examples of the frontiers of lie and truth in a Russian narrative<br />39:55 Russia's destabilizers in modern times<br />41:34 What are the Russians afraid of? Fear of internal unrest and striving for a strong leader<br />43:50 The Russian Landscape Through History, Changes and Similarities: Tsarist Russia, Soviet Union, Chaos in the 90s, 2000s<br />51:46 Homo re-sovieticus in the last few years: worship of the past and other themes of Russian thinking today<br />46:23 What does Russia's future look like? Five different scenarios based on history<br />55:49 Belief in a fair good tsar and princes: Russia's next leader?<br />50:09 Putin's support and comments on national conditions<br />53:38 The impact of online youth on Russia's future<br /><br />Russia's recent actions, such as the occupation of Crimea, the wars in eastern Ukraine and Syria, the excessive use of force against protesters, possible special operations abroad and, for example, the control of the Internet, partly fought against western thinking. However, the Kremlin leadership believes these actions are justified. Justification can be explained through the theory of strategic culture.<br /><br />Strategic culture refers to the prevailing views in a particular state about the nature of the war and crisis, the threat to the country and the causes of the threat, and the operational options to respond to that threat. Russia's strategic culture is particularly influenced by history, but also by geography, technology and, for example, the political culture and attitudes of the state.<br /><br />Synthesized English audio on this video is based on the subtitles of the original video. Document can be viewed here:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://docs.google.com/document/d/1REPlzRsenZPWkJWERs8LiYrtyzYVs8Z_dmhVWU9AvBM/edit?usp=sharing">https://docs.google.com/document/d/1REPlzRsenZPWkJWERs8LiYrtyzYVs8Z_dmhVWU9AvBM/edit?usp=sharing</a> <br /><br />Questions &amp; Answers -section after the lecture:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ZqBzJMEJqZ8">https://youtu.be/ZqBzJMEJqZ8</a><br /><br />Source:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://m3.jyu.fi/jyumv/ohjelmat/it/panu/kyber/hybridivaikuttaminen-ja-turvallisuus/031218">https://m3.jyu.fi/jyumv/ohjelmat/it/panu/kyber/hybridivaikuttaminen-ja-turvallisuus/031218</a><br /><br />Presented on December 3, 2018 (in Finnish){% endraw %}
