---
title: "playlist for those stressful days because we all seem to just be tired 🌙 \/\/ chill songs playlist"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/eincGXiUjgk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "eincGXiUjgk"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["playlist","those","stressful"]
date: "2022-06-03T08:00:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-24T19:03:47Z"
duration: "PT1H22M31S"
viewcount: "160617"
likeCount: "7122"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "sunsetdreams"
---
{% raw %}hi! ♡<br />I always feel like I should write something in the description but right now I don't know what to write here. Its almost the end of January and first of, how? how come 1 month of 2022 have passed already. and second, why am I so tired and stressed... Technically I'm still on my winter break so I know I should rest and not feel guilty about not doing anything but I just can't. It is so hard. I mean, I've watched like 4 TV shows and a couple of movies already, don't get me wrong, i'm not doing anything productive with my days. but I just simply cannot shake of the guilt. Guilt that I'm in med school, I should be studying even during the winter break, get ahead of the schedule etc.. I know that's a total nonsense, everybody needs to rest. and that i'm stressing myself out for no reason at all. I just- I don't know what point I'm trying to make. I guess... if you feel something similar know that you are not alone. <br />and if you still have exams ahead of you, or you started another semester already, I wish you the best of luck.  ♡♡♡<br />Have a wonderful day/night<br />Take care, and stay healthy and remember that you are enough just the way you are.<br />love<br />niki♡<br /><br /><br /><br />Notes:<br />- Spotify link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3H4OHlLULZwIwrtVcgfDQl?si=d2971f4422ea4a1d">https://open.spotify.com/playlist/3H4OHlLULZwIwrtVcgfDQl?si=d2971f4422ea4a1d</a><br /><br />-  if you want something similar i´ve made this playlist and constantly update it with some chill music I find. This is playing in my room on shuffle basically every single day. Hope it´ll help you find some new music ♡♡♡<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6CEV7QoIq3WKVNhvi7LQLl?si=6d5baf8446ed4b59">https://open.spotify.com/playlist/6CEV7QoIq3WKVNhvi7LQLl?si=6d5baf8446ed4b59</a><br /><br />- background picture: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mylivewallpapers.com/city/rain-on-window-2k-live-wallpaper/">https://mylivewallpapers.com/city/rain-on-window-2k-live-wallpaper/</a><br /><br />-  my ko-fi page (if you want you can tip me some money): <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ko-fi.com/sunsetdreams">https://ko-fi.com/sunsetdreams</a><br /><br /><br /><br />♡♡♡♡♡♡♡<br />If you see ads on my videos I am sorry, I sadly can't do anything about it. I don't make any money off of them, it's monetized because of copyright - the money from ads goes to the song owners.<br /><br />To fix this you can:<br />a) go to the end of the video and then replay it from the beginning<br />b) install a good ad-block on your browser<br />c) or you can click here <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtubeloop.net/,">https://youtubeloop.net/,</a> it will take you to the website where you just enter the URL and play it without ads . It is safe and it can also loop videos. ♥<br />♡♡♡♡♡♡♡<br /><br /><br /><br />DISCLAIMER: <br />None of these songs used to make this are mine. All credit goes to every single rightful owner.  <br /><br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favour of fair use. No copyright infringement intended. All rights to the created owner. This video is just for entertainment purposes{% endraw %}
