---
title: "NVC Backlog Report March 2022 | Green Card Backlogs, Interview Appointment, Documentary Qualified"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/a-YZ0GzH7aY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "a-YZ0GzH7aY"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["nvc processing time 2022","national visa center","national visa center 2022"]
date: "2022-03-25T08:57:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-24T17:24:36Z"
duration: "PT5M6S"
viewcount: "1217"
likeCount: "55"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "USCIS PROCESSING UPDATES"
---
{% raw %}NVC Backlog Report March 2022 | Green Card Backlogs, Interview Appointment, Documentary Qualified<br />#nvcbacklogreportmarch2022 #immigrantvisaprocessing #greencardprocessingpriorityorder<br /><br />Hello, Welcome to USCIS Processing Updates.<br />Despite Biden’s initiatives to  undo Trump administration immigration restrictions, the State Department has a backlog of over 2.6 million cases. Many of the applicants are documentarily qualified but can’t seem to get through the system. Until the State Department makes changes the situation will not going to better and the businesses will continue to have their hands tied for recruiting and hiring foreign talents. In today's video, we will try to provide you the current NVC Backlog and Visa Processing Priorities from US Immigration agencies. If you are interested in any of these topics please stick around till the end of this video for your immigration updates.<br />If you are liking this video, Please hit the Subscribe button, Like this video and Click the bell icon so that you can instantly receive any new updates right on your YouTube home page of your smart phone or smart  devices. Now, let's get into the video. Since March 2020, the COVID-19 pandemic has dramatically affected the Department of State’s ability to process immigrant visa applications. U.S. embassies and consulates are working to resume routine visa services on a location-by-location basis as expeditiously as possible in a safe manner. However, the pandemic continues to severely impact the number of visas our embassies and consulates abroad are able to process. The particular constraints vary based on local conditions and restrictions,  but include local and national lockdowns; travel restrictions; host country quarantine regulations; and measures taken by our embassies and consulates to contain the spread of COVID-19. National Visa Center  has told that they are committed to resolving the immigrant visa backlog and transparently sharing the current status of worldwide visa operations, while remaining dedicated to the safety of our staff and applicants, and the national security of the United States. Now, let's look at the  National Visa Center (NVC) Immigrant Visa Backlog February 2022 Report. #1. Number of IV applicants whose cases are documentarily complete at NVC and ready for interview as of January 31 :  547,193. #2. Number of documentarily complete IV applicants scheduled for February 2022 interview appointments : 33,306. #3. Number of eligible IV applicants still   pending the scheduling of an interview after February 2022 appointment scheduling was completed :  513,887.<br /><br />nvc processing time 2022, NVC, nvc interview schedule 2022,nvc processing time after i-130 approval 2022, nvc processing time after i-130 approval 2022, nvc processing time 2022, national visa center, national visa center case status check, national visa center processing, national visa center update, national visa center 2022, national visa center upload documents, national visa center processing time, national visa center interview, national visa center processing 2022, national visa center news, nvc interview schedule 2022, nvc interview letter, nvc interview schedule 2022 mumbai, nvc interview 2022, nvc case status online processing, nvc case creation letter, nvc case review time 2022, nvc case review, nvc current case review status, investing,how to invest,learn to invest,investing 101,phil town,rule one investing,rule #1,investment planning,tips for making an investment plan,how to start investing,master investing,steps for creating an investment plan,how to create an investment plan,steps you must take to build an investment plan,investment plan,invest,investor,success planner,investment planner,investing money,investing for beginners,how to invest money,plan your investment<br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZiKaKTkE74YNvxUrl6z9HQ?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZiKaKTkE74YNvxUrl6z9HQ?sub_confirmation=1</a>{% endraw %}
