---
title: "Ancient Healing Tones | 528Hz Healing Music | Enhance Positive Energy | Detox Your Mind"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CEKyNq7N8BA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CEKyNq7N8BA"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Ancient","Healing","Tones"]
date: "2022-06-10T15:19:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-10T10:30:04Z"
duration: "PT4H26S"
viewcount: "225"
likeCount: "25"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Spirit Tribe Awakening"
---
{% raw %}Ancient Healing Tones - 528Hz Healing Music - Enhance Positive Energy - Detox Your Mind with 963Hz Solfeggio frequency. Peaceful, empowering and soothing music and nature to nurture your mind, body, and soul. Supporting and empowering you on your life journey.  <br /><br />Music is tuned to 528Hz and contains the 963Hz Solfeggio frequency.<br />These frequencies have a specific healing effect on your subconscious mind.  <br /><br />❖ Spirit Tribe Online Shop ❖ <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.spirittribeawakening.com">http://www.spirittribeawakening.com</a><br />You can download our music for FREE if you want to.<br />Or you can literally choose the amount you want to give for it. <br /><br /><br />❖ Find us on iTunes ❖  <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/1509272678">https://itunes.apple.com/us/artist/1509272678</a><br /><br /><br />❖ Need Music For Your Projects ❖<br />If you are looking for high-quality Healing Meditation Music with a license — to use it on your business-related projects (YouTube, apps, etc.) — then we warmly recommend: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.highermind-royaltyfreemusic.com/?ref=23">https://www.highermind-royaltyfreemusic.com/?ref=23</a><br /><br /><br />❖ Sound Vibration ❖ <br />The most elemental state of vibration is that of sound. Everything has an optimum range of vibration (frequency), and that rate is called resonance. When we are in resonance, we are balanced. Every organ and every cell in our precious body absorbs and emits sound with particular optimum resonate frequency. 432hz and 528hz tuned music creates resonance in our physical, mental, emotional and spiritual body.<br /><br /><br />❖ 963Hz Solfeggio Frequency ❖ corresponds with the heart center; cleansing and balancing the heart chakra. Enhancing our feeling of Self-Worth and Self-Love on a deep level - removing subconscious emotional blocks. This frequency also helps us stay balanced and centered in our relationships with partner, family, and friends. Supporting us in setting healthy boundaries for ourselves, and communicate openly and authentically. Healing and balancing the heart center is essential for us to have a Loving, thriving and healthy relationship with ourselves and others. <br /><br /><br />❖ 528Hz Music ❖ <br />Resonates inside our body, releases emotional blockages and expands our consciousness. 432Hz allows us to tune into the wisdom of the Universe, Divine Intelligence, and our Soul. It creates Unity instead of separation. It expands our hearts and makes us more compassionate and loving. One thing is for sure. A person who resonates with love have inner peace – and this is the starting point for a world where we live in Unity, Peace and Harmony with each other and Mother Earth.<br /><br /><br />❖ Spirit Tribe Awakening ❖ <br />We are here to serve you. To Inspire, Uplift and spread Positive Energy through music and Intention. To support you wherever you are on your journey. Co-creating more Peace, Love, and Happiness in your life, and the millions of people connecting with us.<br /><br />All our music is tuned to 432Hz and 528Hz, and contains Solfeggio Frequencies; Miracle Tones that Heal, Change and Transform low vibrational energy (negative energy). Letting go of negative thoughts and emotions. Recharging the LIGHT within you. Refueling mind, body, heart and soul with Powerful Positive Energy that aligns you with your Innate Power, Potential and Resources. <br /><br />When you RAISE YOUR VIBRATION you also help to raise the collective vibration of our beautiful planet and all life on it. You are important. You are important to this planet. You are valuable. You are a beautiful expression of Life. Powerful BEYOND words. <br /><br />&quot;What you want. Wants you.&quot; - Rumi<br /><br />From Heart to Heart. From Soul to Soul. Thank You for connecting with us. <br /><br /><br />❖ ❖ ❖  ❤️❤️❤️❖ ❖ ❖<br /><br />#meditationmusic #528hz #healingmusic{% endraw %}
