---
title: "Simple Templates for Complicated Cuts"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3YXexIEJ0aY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3YXexIEJ0aY"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["basement insulation","continuous insulation","basement drywall"]
date: "2022-02-22T13:14:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2015-11-30T15:41:37Z"
duration: "PT3M58S"
viewcount: "3987"
likeCount: "5"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "InSoFast"
---
{% raw %}InSoFast is lightweight and easy to cut and handle. In this video we show that there is very little waste. The cut piece from the bottom of the panel can be used at the top to finish the wall. When working around obstruction on your wall you can create a template with the InSoFast cardboard boxes. InSoFast is rough framing and not fine carpentry ...so relax if you make a mistake you can glue the panels back together.<br /><br />InSoFast can replace z furring and rigid foam insulation for insulating a basement. Our customer's review's state that we are faster and less expensive then spray foam applications and a better value for the price. With our built in studs our walls are flat and it is easier to hang sheet rock on to our wall system. So if you have a concrete or a cmu concrete block wall to finish and insulate consider using InSoFast for a better less expensive project<br /><br />Contact us at: 888-501-7899<br />Email: info@insofast.com<br />Visit us @ www.insofast.com<br /><br />InSoFast is a better way to achieve a net zero home by starting with a monolithic continuous insulation envelop.<br /><br />Thermal Control Layer <br />The addition of InSoFast’s exterior rigid insulation can significantly improve the wall assembly thermal performance because it provides a continuous insulation layer that diminishes the impact of thermal bridges caused by framing.<br />Thermal bridging through framing components reduces envelope insulation performance by 15-20% in wood frame construction and by 40%-60% in metal frame construction<br />Continuous Insulation (Ci) is an insulation blanket around the exterior of the structure. Ci creates a thermal break between wall framing and the exterior conditions.  Installing CI reduces energy loss caused by bridging over the thermal gaps at the wood or metal studs and other wall framing components. Additionally, InSoFast’s insulation on the exterior of wall framing reduces potential for moisture problems.  InSoFast acts as a moisture barrier, so water that gets into the wall system is deflected or drained away. Next InSoFast when insulation is placed on the exterior of the wall structure, the dew point is moved outward reducing the potential for condensation on the warm side of the wall where building materials are more sensitive to rotting.<br />InSoFast’s  ci systems integrates the following key features: continuous insulation (ci), an air/moisture barrier, drainage, capillary breaks, and a variety of finish options to create a superior, sustainable wall cladding. This high-performing, insulation panel saves energy and returns your investment for years to come. InSoFast ci improves indoor comfort and air quality and lowering life-cycle costs. <br />Advancements in energy efficiency requirements for homes has practically mandated continuous insulation as a thermally efficient means of code compliance for standard or higher levels of performance homes or dwellings.<br />The threat of moisture damage also is reduced<br />InSoFast’s advanced panel additionally to reducing heat loss and increasing the R-value of the wall system, the other benefits of putting insulation on the outside of your wall: Include reducing the chance for the moisture in the cavity (water vapor) to condense on the inside face of the sheathing, which happens when the sheathing temperature is below the dew point. This moisture can lead to mold and mildew, and can reduce the effectiveness of the cavity insulation and ultimately shorten the life of the wall through rot. You have to ask yourself, “Why not use InSoFast to prevent rot?”{% endraw %}
