---
title: "Ketogenic Diet Food List: Cheat Sheet (PDF) by Dr.Berg"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bzs_60vTkpU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bzs_60vTkpU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ketogenic diet","ketosis","keto"]
date: "2022-01-30T10:45:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-12-19T13:00:05Z"
duration: "PT4M19S"
viewcount: "283971"
likeCount: "7021"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. Eric Berg DC"
---
{% raw %}CHEAT SHEET ➡ ➡ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.drberg.com/healthy-ketosis-acceptable-food">https://www.drberg.com/healthy-ketosis-acceptable-food</a><br /><br />I explain foods that are keto friendly as well as healthy.<br /><br />Timestamps: <br />0:00 Not sure which foods are keto-friendly? Here’s a cheat sheet for you.<br />0:57 I explain the daily amount of carbs, proteins, and fats to consume<br />3:40 The reason I provided a list of healthy keto foods is because sometimes you’ll be told to eat unhealthy low-carb foods<br /><br />This video is mainly for people who are new to keto. I explain which foods are keto friendly, and acceptable on a healthy ketosis eating plan. Look below this video for a link to the list you can download. <br /><br />To summarize, on this list you’ll find types of fats, nuts, seeds, and proteins. Protein and fat are often found combined in a food. You’ll also see organ meats, fish, seafood, and vegetables, along with fruits, berries, liquids, and vegan proteins and fats.<br /><br />Your carb intake should be between 20 and 50 grams per day; not per meal, but per day. Consume a moderate amount of protein, 3 to 6 ounces per meal. And 70 percent of your caloric intake should be fat. <br /><br />I don’t count vegetables in the 20 to 50 grams of carbs. Consume half of your veggies raw, and half cooked. And I usually recommend 7 to 10 cups of vegetables daily, most of which can easily be a salad. For example, you could have a 5 or 6 cup salad with leafy greens, and steamed or stir-fried cruciferous vegetables like broccoli or brussel sprouts. For certain veggies, cooking enhances their nutrients; others are best eaten raw to get maximum nutrients. <br /><br />As far as fruit goes, limes, lemons, and berries are fine as long as you stay within your carb limit.<br /><br />Choose high-quality foods like pasture-raised eggs that are also organic. Wild-caught fish and grass-fed meats are key. Organ meats provide superior bioavailability for nutrients like vitamin A, minerals, and trace minerals. <br /><br />Download the list, so you know which foods are healthy keto friendly!<br /><br />Dr Eric Berg DC Bio: <br />Dr. Berg, age 56, is a chiropractor who specializes in Healthy Ketosis &amp; Intermittent Fasting. He is the author of the best-selling book The Healthy Keto Plan, and is the Director of Dr. Berg Nutritionals. He no longer practices, but focuses on health education through social media.<br /><br />Follow us on FACEBOOK: fb.me/DrEricBerg <br /><br />Send a Message to his team: m.me/DrEricBerg<br /><br />ABOUT DR. BERG: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/39LCWg8">https://bit.ly/39LCWg8</a><br /><br />Disclaimer: Dr. Eric Berg received his Doctor of Chiropractic degree from Palmer College of Chiropractic in 1988. His use of “doctor” or “Dr.” in relation to himself solely refers to that degree. Dr. Berg is a licensed chiropractor in Virginia, California, and Louisiana, but he no longer practices chiropractic in any state and does not see patients so he can focus on educating people as a full-time activity, yet he maintains an active license. This video is for general informational purposes only. It should not be used to self-diagnose and it is not a substitute for a medical exam, cure, treatment, diagnosis, and prescription or recommendation. It does not create a doctor-patient relationship between Dr. Berg and you. You should not make any change in your health regimen or diet before first consulting a physician and obtaining a medical exam, diagnosis, and recommendation. Always seek the advice of a physician or other qualified health provider with any questions you may have regarding a medical condition. The Health &amp; Wellness, Dr. Berg Nutritionals and Dr. Eric Berg, D.C. are not liable or responsible for any advice, course of treatment, diagnosis or any other information, services or product you obtain through this video or site. <br /><br />Thanks for watching! <br />Now you know which foods are both keto friendly and healthy!{% endraw %}
