---
title: "Villarreal vs Celta Vigo 1-0 | All Goals & Highlights | Spain La Liga"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/82hqFY8u7gA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "82hqFY8u7gA"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["villarreal vs celta vigo 1-0","villarreal 1-0 celta vigo","villarreal vs celta vigo"]
date: "2022-03-12T22:42:38+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-12T19:20:56Z"
duration: "PT5M6S"
viewcount: "36"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Live Match"
---
{% raw %}Villarreal vs Celta Vigo 1-0 | All Goals &amp; Highlights | Spain La Liga<br /><br />FIFA 22 - Funny Moments - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/Oj-MtPOAKcw">https://youtu.be/Oj-MtPOAKcw</a><br /><br />Please Share your feedback and opinion in the comment section<br />If you Enjoyed watching the video , hit the like button.<br />Thanks for watching.<br /><br />Click Here to Subscribe<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/LiveMatch1">https://www.youtube.com/c/LiveMatch1</a><br /><br />Villarreal vs Celta Vigo Highlights Spain La Liga<br />villarreal vs celta vigo highlights match today<br />Spain La Liga 2022 Highlights match today<br /><br />Villarreal vs Celta Vigo<br />Spain – La Liga<br />Date: Saturday, 12 March 2022<br />Kick-off at 17:30 UK/ 18:30 CET<br />Venue: Estadio de la Ceramica.<br /><br />Reigning Europa League champions Villarreal are desperately going after a top-six finish, in order to make sure that they will be able to represent the league in Europe the next season.<br /><br />As of now, they are placed seventh in the table, and need a surplus of just two points to climb level with the sixth position.<br /><br />It needs to be mentioned that the reason for their comparatively lower position in the table is because of their performances earlier in the season. They had a slow start to their campaign, and now they are trying to make up for the points dropped then.<br /><br />And it helps that they are pitted against Vigo, who are one of the worst teams on the road in the Spanish top flight. Going on, they also have a poor h2h record against the Yellow Submarines.<br /><br />By the looks of things, expect a win for Villarreal this weekend at their home – Estadio de la Ceramica.<br /><br />Villarreal vs Celta Vigo Head-to-head (h2h)<br />The latest encounter had ended in a 1-1 draw.<br />The Yellow Submarines had recorded eight of the past thirteen overall wins.<br />At this stadium, the past five meetings had four or more goals.<br />The hosts had scored a total of 14 goals from the past five clashes at this ground.<br />Villarreal vs Celta Vigo Prediction &amp; Analysis<br />Villarreal did lose 1-0 on the road the last match-day, against Osasuna. However, they were on a six-game unbeaten streak before that, and impressively, they have been on an unbeaten run at home since November.<br /><br />Moreover, they had scored three or more goals in four of their past seven home appearances, and they had slotted in five or more goals in three of these matches.<br /><br />On the other hand, Celta Vigo did win 4-3 on the road the past game week, against Mallorca. However, they were on a three-game winless run before that, and they are also on a five-fixture winless streak on the road.<br /><br />Going on, they have won just once on the road since November, and they had also let in two or more goals in four of their last five road trips.<br /><br />Taking into account these observations, expect a win for Villarreal this Saturday, against Celta.<br /><br />Key Stats for Betting<br />Only Real Madrid and Sevilla have conceded fewer goals than the Yellow Submarines this season in the La Liga.<br />They have lost just one league fixture at home in the past four-month period, and this sole loss had come against Barcelona.<br />Tips for Villarreal vs Celta Vigo<br />Villarreal to Win @ 1.75 (3/4)<br />Correct Score: 3-1 Villarreal @ 17.00 (16/1).<br /><br />Team News<br /><br />Villarreal have lost Alberto Moreno to a long-term knee injury, while Paco Alcacer, Gerard Moreno and Ruben Pena are expected to remain on the sidelines for this match.<br /><br />Head coach Emery will make changes from the side that started against Osasuna, with Moi Gomez set to replace the injured Alberto Moreno, while Boulaye Dia could come in for Giovani Lo Celso in the final third.<br /><br />There could also be a change in a wide position, with Samuel Chukwueze potentially coming in for Yeremi Pino, but Dani Parejo should again feature in the middle of the park.<br /><br />As for Celta, Hugo Mallo will be suspended following his red card against Mallorca last time out, which will open the door for Kevin Vazquez to start at right-back.<br /><br />The visitors are otherwise in excellent shape, and Thiago Galhardo is expected to retain his starting spot alongside Aspas in attack, with Santi Mina set to be named on the bench.<br /><br />Renato Tapia is pushing to be involved in the middle of the park, but Fran Beltran is likely to retain his spot at the base of the midfield, with Brais Mendez, Denis Suarez and Franco Cervi playing further forward.<br /><br />Villarreal possible starting lineup:<br />Rulli; Aurier, Albiol, P Torres, Estupinan; Chukwueze, Parejo, Capoue, M Gomez; Danjuma, Dia<br /><br />Celta Vigo possible starting lineup:<br />Dituro; Vazquez, Aidoo, Araujo, Galan; B Mendez, Beltran, D Suarez, Cervi; Aspas, Galhardo<br /><br />We say: Villarreal 2-2 Celta Vigo<br />This has all of the makings of an entertaining game of football, with both sides able to call upon plenty of attacking talent. Celta will be looking to take advantage of the fact that Villarreal could be thinking about their European clash with Juventus, and we are predicting a 2-2 draw on Saturday evening.<br /><br />#villarreal #celtavigo #celta #spainlaliga #laliga #spain{% endraw %}
