---
title: "Productized vs Packaged Services: What is the Difference?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Dw0_WDgMZKc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Dw0_WDgMZKc"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["coveted consultant","alzay calhoun","digital agency"]
date: "2022-06-10T18:07:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-05-11T13:00:01Z"
duration: "PT8M13S"
viewcount: "15437"
likeCount: "649"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "CovetedConsultant"
---
{% raw %}A productized service is a pre-packaged consulting solution solving for one specific business problem. Click here for the full training - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://covetedconsultant.com/free">http://covetedconsultant.com/free</a><br /><br />Productized services and packaged services are NOT the same thing. <br /><br />So let's start where most agencies start, when they think about describing or offering their services. They make a list, and I'm sure you probably made a list too. You think to yourself, &quot;What do I know how to do? What does my team know how to do? Let's make a list of our expertise.&quot; So you do that. You make this big long list of all these things you know how to do. <br /><br />And so there's SEO skills in here, PPC skills, content skills, web design skills, coding skills, et cetera, et cetera, right? All these different skills that you list out. I mean in practicality, you've done a lot. You've studied a lot, you've learned a lot, you've experienced a lot, you've tried a lot, you've failed a lot, you've succeeded a lot. You've been doing it for a long time. So the assumption here is, that if you just kind of list all of that expertise out, then your client will appreciate all of what you know how to do, and you're thinking that they'll kind of pick and choose from your expertise, and therefore you can create a custom solution for them. <br /><br />That makes a lot of sense, until you start doing it. And then what you find is that, you have to explain all of these things to your prospective client. You have to explain what you did, why you did it, what it's about, how it works, what they need. I mean if it becomes this long, long explanation, and the more you explain your expertise, the more confused the client gets. And that ends up becoming a conversation that neither one of you enjoy.<br /><br />Maybe you label them bronze, silver, gold, and titanium. Maybe you created a SEO, a PPC, a content package, and a web design package. So you list out the packages. The packages are organized by what you plan to deliver, and this is so much easier to explain, and I agree with that. That packaging your services in this way, is so much easier for a client to immediately see what's available to them, and begin to kind of sort through and understand everything better. <br /><br />But something's still missing here. Remember, your client is not an expert in this world. So even though you have these very cleanly displayed packages, they don't know that any of this stuff means. So you're having to show them package number one and then describe all of the deliverables, A, B, C, D, E and F, et cetera. Then you gotta go to package number two and explain all the deliverables. A, B, C, D, E, F, G. Go to package three, explain the deliverables. Package four, explain the deliverables. <br />ere a better approach? Yes there is a better approach.<br /><br />The better approach is to productize, but making productizing work for you requires a mental shift. There's a shift away from listing your deliverables, A, B, C, D, E, F and G, and instead, turning that long list into a clearly defined road map towards a solution. So a productized service begins to look, not like a list of deliverables, but instead, steps in a process. And your skills, instead of being listed A, B, C, D, E, F and G, they fit inside this linear process. <br /><br />Let's bring it all home here. I believe that productized services can be a game changer for your business, but if you're going to experience those results, there's some things you gotta really let sink into your brain. Number one, you just can't keep shoving your expertise into these services. The more expertise you shove into the services, the harder they are to explain, the harder they are to understand, and clients can't say yes to a service they don't fully understand. <br /><br />Number two, you just have to admit where you're best. Not a list of what you can do, what you know about doing, but the things that you know are in your very best bit of excellence. You've gotta be okay with admitting that. You've gotta be okay with systemizing that. You've gotta be unapologetic about offering that up as a solution to people with a real problem. You've gotta be okay specializing in what you do best. <br /><br />Number three. You need to actually solve a business problem. Your client has a business problem, a strategic goal, and initiative that they're trying to accomplish. You need to be using your best skills to help them get that thing accomplished. When they find you, when your prospective client has found you. They have finally ended their search. Someone finally has an answer to our problem. And you need to make it clear, by preparing and executing a productized service. <br />- - - <br /><br /><br />Subscribe for more videos here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?Vadd_user=covetedconsultant">http://www.youtube.com/subscription_center?Vadd_user=covetedconsultant</a><br /><br /><br />Visit the full Website here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.CovetedConsultant.com/free">http://www.CovetedConsultant.com/free</a>{% endraw %}
