---
title: "WW3 Broke Out: US B-2 Bomber drop 30,000 pounds bombs destroy Russian Military Facility underground"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GziUhyrfZjw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GziUhyrfZjw"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["ww3 broke out","us b-2 bomber drop 30000 pounds bombs destroy russia military facility underground","us b-2 bomber drop 30000 pounds bombs"]
date: "2022-04-22T09:51:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-22T02:00:02Z"
duration: "PT8M10S"
viewcount: "9274"
likeCount: "275"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "AMERICAN PATRIOT MILITARY"
---
{% raw %}B-2 stealth bombers stationed at Whiteman Air Force Base are relics of the last century. But the sub-sonic batwing planes give the U.S. Air Force the power to hit even the most heavily defended targets, anywhere in the world. And that capability seems a lot more important now than it did when B-2s were first deployed.<br />Military minds imagined the B-2 stealth bomber primarily as a doomsday weapon — a virtually unstoppable way to tote nuclear bombs and drop them on the Soviet Union.<br /><br />And with Russia invading Ukraine while China arms itself in superpower style, a plane conceived during the Carter administration maintains its place as a particular example of the U.S. military’s ability to confidently strike any target on the globe.<br /><br />“It was one of the great marvels of the Cold War against the Soviet Union,” said Richard Aboulafia, the managing director at the consulting firm AeroDynamic Advisory. “It was going to be one of those enabling weapons that would allow us to win the Cold War, except of course the Cold War ended.”<br /><br />With tank columns moving from western Russia into Ukraine and Beijing muscling up as a military superpower, the new Cold War taking shape puts a new spotlight on the plane. The B-2’s home in western Missouri again could be a launching pad, and a target, if a dreaded world war broke out.<br /><br />They may be hard to spot on radar, but chances are you’ve seen a B-2 bomber soaring over a stadium. Its top and bottom have smoothly undulating surfaces, yet its profile from below is all sharp angles. That distinctive shape, along with a delicate-but-radar-absorbing skin, makes it essentially invisible to an enemy.<br /><br />Being able to fly so far also allows B-2s to take the long way around powerful radar systems that could detect them at a distance. Owen Cote says it’s the combination of range and stealth that makes the bomber so dangerous to high-value targets like missile defense systems.<br /><br />“An aircraft like the B-2 can fly from England, probably unrefueled, and cover all of Western Europe and cover it in a way that would be devastating to those kinds of targets,” he said. “And there wouldn't be much Russia could do about it.”<br /><br />Even with the advancement of long-range hypersonic missiles that travel at five times the speed of sound, military planners still see a place for bombers.<br /><br />For one thing, those missiles are expensive even in the context of the Pentagon’s budget. Secondly, the B-2 can carry so much firepower in a single flight: 80 500-pound precision-guided bombs; or a mix of 500-pound and one-ton bombs; or two mammoth bunker-buster munitions that weigh in at 30,000 pounds capable of knocking out underground targets. And they can also carry nuclear weapons.<br /><br />Make sure to share this video with your friends!<br /><br />↦ VIDEO/THUMBNAIL : JUST ILLUSTRATION<br />↦ The title and thumbnail are just sweeteners, make sure you listen to the news carefully<br /><br />The massive Thanks to everyone for watching and all of your support!<br /><br />Recent Upload : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/Vfuk-LS0Eik">https://youtu.be/Vfuk-LS0Eik</a><br />Most Popular Video : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/5vTEJSj6iSA">https://youtu.be/5vTEJSj6iSA</a>{% endraw %}
