---
title: "Loretta LaRoche: Emmy-Winning Humorist, Stress Management Expert and Keynote Speaker"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8lI0yR5qPRQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8lI0yR5qPRQ"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Loretta LaRoche","Stress Management Speaker","Humorous Motivational Speaker"]
date: "2022-05-02T21:18:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2012-10-23T19:56:37Z"
duration: "PT12M34S"
viewcount: "93666"
likeCount: "663"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BigSpeak Speakers Bureau"
---
{% raw %}Loretta LaRoche is a world-renowned expert in the field of stress management. She serves as an adjunct faculty member at the Mind/Body Medical Institute of Boston, affiliated with Beth Israel Hospital and Harvard Medical School. In addition, Loretta LaRoche is on the Mass General advisory council for anxiety and depression and was recently awarded the National Humor Treasure Award.<br /><br /><br /><br />Loretta LaRoche is the author of: Relax—You May Only Have A Few Minutes Left!, How Serious Is This?, Happy Talk, The Joy Journal, and Life Is Short: Wear Your Party Pants. She is also the star of several Emmy-award-winning specials on PBS based on her bestselling works. Loretta LaRoche has been published in many magazines and newspapers, including: USA Today, The Boston Globe, First, Woman's Day and Self. She writes a weekly column Get A Life, published in The Patriot Ledger's lifestyle section. Loretta LaRoche has also appeared as a guest-expert on CNN, ABC, CBS and NBC networks. <br /><br /><br /><br />Loretta LaRoche is also the founder and president of a company offering programs and products for lifestyle management. Her special brand of optimistic psychology has an incontestable positive effect on the health of all that are exposed to her. Organizations worldwide use Loretta LaRoche's prescription for laughter to manage stress in the workplace and improve morale. <br /><br /><br /><br />More About Speaker, Loretta LaRoche . . . <br /><br />An international consultant and lecturer in the field of stress management, Loretta LaRoche has helped people deal with everyday stress for over thirty years. She conducts over 100 lectures, seminars and training workshops annually for clients such as NASA, the IRS, Blue Cross/Blue Shield, IBM, Hewlett Packard and Dun &amp; Bradstreet.<br /><br /><br /><br />With irreverent humor and an innate sense of the absurd, Loretta LaRoche helps people see how needlessly complex and stressful our lives can become. Her wit, wisdom and humor are grounded in a common-sense view of life that leaves audiences inspired, motivated and roaring with laughter. An often irreverent—always hilarious—keynote speaker, Loretta LaRoche helps people discover how thoughts, feelings and behaviors can affect work performance, relationships, success and self-worth. Loretta LaRoche shows how humor can benefit the health of an organization and its employees, and improve productivity in the workplace. <br /><br /><br /><br />To book Loretta LaRoche to speak and entertain at your next event, contact BigSpeak Speakers Bureau. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.bigspeak.com/loretta-laroche.html">http://www.bigspeak.com/loretta-laroche.html</a><br />For information about BigSpeak,<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.bigspeak.com/">https://www.bigspeak.com/</a>{% endraw %}
