---
title: "What Happened To Noah Ritter (Apparently Kid)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vWkD_btjrak\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vWkD_btjrak"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["noah ritter","ellen","ellen degeneres"]
date: "2022-05-09T10:52:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-01T18:49:10Z"
duration: "PT10M5S"
viewcount: "16297"
likeCount: "268"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Caught On Camera"
---
{% raw %}What Happened To Noah Ritter (Apparently Kid)<br /><br />Apparently, fame comes easily sometimes, as in the case of Noah Ritter, the boy who got famous for an interview.<br />Noah Ritter is a five-year-old who was interviewed by a local news channel while attending the Wayne County Fair in Pennsylvania. When the interview, which features Ritter animatedly discussing his indifference to the news and repeatedly saying &quot;apparently,&quot; was uploaded to YouTube, it quickly went viral. Ritter<br />became the &quot;Apparently Kid&quot; for saying &quot;apparently&quot; several times during the interview.<br /> <br />On August 4th, 2014, YouTuber WNEP-TV uploaded a video titled &quot;Apparently&quot; This Kid is Awesome, Steals the Show During Interview.&quot; The video features WNEP-TV reporter Sofia Ojeda asking Ritter how he enjoyed one of the Wayne County Fair’s rides.<br />Ritter begins to ramble in reply, often punctuating his speech with &quot;apparently&quot; and insisting he had never been on live television. Within 48 hours, the video gained over 4.1 million views. On August 5th, 2014, The Laughing Squid published an article titled &quot;Cute Kid Noah Ritter ‘Apparently’ Steals the Show During an Interview at the Wayne County Fair in Pennsylvania.&quot; The same day, the video was covered by Uproxx, E!Online, Us Magazine, and Jezebel.<br /> <br />However, not every kid can handle fame and maximize it to the fullest. Apparently, Noah Ritter hasn't been able to achieve the level of fame that's been expected. With people asking and wondering where the kid is, it surely gives the impression he hasn't kept his viral status going.<br />Where is he now? And how popular and relevant is he right now?<br />For a video that amassed about 4.1 million views in 48 hours and about 14 million at the end of the month, that for sure was a lot of popularity, especially for a 5 year old. In 2014, Noah Ritter did his best to leverage the newly found fame, gathering about 100k+ followers on social media. Everyone could say he was looking like the next big thing and a future pro-reporter.<br /> <br />Noah Ritter was born on the 19th day of November 2008 in Philadelphia. However, he now lives with his mother in Pottstown, Pennsylvania. There are reports that the young chap had always been a lively kid and always spoke out when among his friends.<br />There are no real details about what school Noah Ritter attended. It is believed, though, that he is attending one of the good schools in Pennsylvania, considering how well he speaks and how sharp he is.<br />Noah Ritter's mother has been identified as Meggin Borowski, and his father's name has been given as Matthew Ritter. However, the young boy's parents do not live together, and very little is known about them. Noah lives with his mother.<br />The internet star is very close to his grandparents, who have been identified as John and Kathy Borowski. According to some reports, he used to live with his grandparents at some point in Pennsylvania. His grandfather often took him out to events where he watched dances and song renditions. It was at one of these events that he granted the interview which made him famous. <br />Noah Ritter and his grandfather attended the Wayne County Annual Fair in Honesdale, Pennsylvania to have a great time together and see the sights. While there, Noah saw people displaying their skills in horse riding and talents in singing. He also took part in amusement rides and had some good food to eat. He was really excited.<br />As the fair was progressing, Noah was approached by Sofia Ojeda, a reporter working with Newswatch 16, who asked him what he thought about the amusement rides at the fair. When Noah began to give his answer into the microphone stretched out to his lips, he won the hearts of everyone. He talked about not watching the news because he was just a little boy and had never been on live television before. He also talked about his grandfather and the Powerball. While at it, he kept using the word &quot;apparently&quot; several times. This was both very amusing and adorable.<br />When the video of his interview with Sofia Ojeda was aired on TV and emerged online, Noah Ritter instantly became famous. Everyone who watched the video became fascinated by it, mainly because of the way Noah spoke and the confidence with which he made his points. Because of the way he used &quot;apparently&quot; so many times, many people started referring to him as the &quot;Apparently Kid&quot; and the nickname stuck.{% endraw %}
