---
title: "Why do I feel BORED in healthy relationships? Why do STABLE relationships make me want to RUN?!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/l-NKEN_usQ4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "l-NKEN_usQ4"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["why do i feel bored in healthy relationships","why do stable relationships make me want to run","why do i feel bored with loving relationships"]
date: "2022-06-09T16:07:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-18T22:30:01Z"
duration: "PT11M7S"
viewcount: "42939"
likeCount: "1990"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ashley Nord"
---
{% raw %}Why do I feel BORED in healthy relationships? Why do STABLE relationships make me want to RUN?!<br /><br />Why do I feel bored with loving relationships? Why do healthy relationships turn me off? Why do I find healthy relationships unattractive? Feeling bored in healthy, loving relationships is much more common than so many of us realise. Being addicted to chaos or instability in romantic relationships is extremely common amongst those who were raised in unpredictable environments, and can therefore cause us to crave these types of relationships in adulthood. So, if you’re wondering “why do I feel bored in loving relationships?”, “why do loving relationships make me anxious?“ or “why do I feel bored with healthy relationships?” you are far from alone. However, it absolutely possible to heal your attraction and addiction to insecure relationships, which is exactly what I share in this video. I discuss why stable relationships make us want to run, why stable relationships turn us off and why loving relationships can make us feel anxious or restless. Feeling periodic boredom in healthy relationships is not only normal, but actually a really good sign that we have entered a more safe, secure and loving bond with another human.<br /><br />Say HI on Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/lordnordy/">https://www.instagram.com/lordnordy/</a><br /><br />Music by Qveen Herby - Wild - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://thmatc.co/?l=891A55E">https://thmatc.co/?l=891A55E</a><br /><br />I'm Ash Nord, your truth-bombing fairy godmother for everything love, dating and relationships. With so many idealistic, romanticised Hollywood messages about love out there, my mission is to be an honest, unfiltered source of information for individuals and couples seeking honest relationship advice and love lessons. No games, no manipulation tactics, no teachings about how to trick someone into liking you… so, if that’s what you’re looking for, I’m probably not your girl. My content is geared towards those wanting to learn more about REAL intimacy and togetherness with their partners or future partners. I have a psychological focus (I'm a psychology student) and a genuine passion for understanding how humans relate to and connect with one another. If you're into that type of thing, or would simply like to hear personal stories about my own life experiences and romantic relationships, then stick around! I got you.<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: Please note everything stated in this video and all videos on my channel are purely my personal opinions and are for entertainment purposes only. I am not a qualified professional and as such my opinions should not be taken as psychological advice.{% endraw %}
