---
title: "Do NOT Buy Cognac and Champagne Diamonds!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BSFkVoxkrM8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BSFkVoxkrM8"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Naturally Colored","Colored Diamonds","Champagne Diamonds"]
date: "2022-01-16T21:14:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-03-31T20:00:07Z"
duration: "PT2M50S"
viewcount: "6022"
likeCount: "70"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Naturally Colored"
---
{% raw %}Hi There!<br />Please don't forget to Like or Comment if you enjoyed the video.<br /><br />The full article: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.naturallycolored.com/buying-guide/do-not-buy-cognac-and-champagne-diamonds">https://www.naturallycolored.com/buying-guide/do-not-buy-cognac-and-champagne-diamonds</a><br /><br />Hi, I’m Katie with Naturally Colored. You’ve probably clicked on this video because you’re interested in buying a champagne diamond or a cognac diamond. Now, I know that saying “do not buy” might seem a bit dramatic, but we really meant it. After so many years in the industry with experience of answering endless customer questions, and seeing a lot of scams, you need to know a few things first before you buy a champagne or cognac diamond.<br /><br />First of all, what exactly are champagne diamonds? They are real diamonds and part of a small family of gems called fancy color diamonds. Basically, champagne diamonds refer to brown diamonds with a secondary tone of yellow, resembling the color of champagne. <br /><br />On a GIA certificate, they might be described as a fancy light yellow-brown, fancy yellow-brown, and so on. There is a champagne diamond color chart ranging from C1 which is the lightest color to C7, the darkest. The interest in these diamonds usually applies to C2 or C3 and up. <br /><br />So where do champagne diamonds come from? Brown diamonds, including champagne diamonds, come from different areas like Brazil, Congo, and Australia, among others. Brown diamonds are among the most common forms or colors of fancy color diamonds. Because champagne diamonds are a small group among the niche of brown diamonds, it does make them slightly rarer.<br /><br />You might be wondering, how much do champagne diamonds cost? Well, they are still fairly affordable compared to regular colorless diamonds, at about half the cost for a regular-sized diamond engagement ring. <br /><br />Cognac diamonds are also brown diamonds however unlike champagne diamonds that have a touch of yellow in them, cognac diamonds are considered darker and deeper browns with a deep orange hue in them. When the color is strong and deep, these are the C7 diamonds in the champagne color chart. <br /><br />So why the nicknames? There are some theories floating around that giving these diamonds names that are associated with sophisticated drinks is a scheme to help retailers sell these “lower quality” diamonds, however in our opinion, it’s much simpler - it’s just an easy way to describe a color that most people are already familiar with. <br /><br />So, why not buy champagne or cognac diamonds? Basically, it’s all about knowing what you’re paying for. We don’t believe that every jeweler tries to manipulate their customers, but the professionalism and color interpretation is not always the same. Most jewelers are not gemologists. <br /><br />The only way to know and trust what you’re paying for is to buy a diamond with a gemological certificate - we recommend a GIA certificate. It’s ok to let your jeweler know if you are looking for cognac or champagne-colored diamond, but at the end of the day, check the certificate, know what you’re getting, in color, weight, and origin of color. Make sure it’s natural. With all of that knowledge at hand, then you can definitely buy a cognac or champagne diamond!{% endraw %}
