---
title: "AUSTRALIA 4K - Relaxing Music & Gentle Sounds With Stunning Nature Videos | 4K HDR"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BQdV6iEgccI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BQdV6iEgccI"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["4k","video 4k","4k videos"]
date: "2022-01-14T08:42:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-11T10:00:20Z"
duration: "PT3H3M56S"
viewcount: "2482"
likeCount: "408"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Planet Relaxation"
---
{% raw %}AUSTRALIA 4K - Relaxing Music &amp; Gentle Sounds With Stunning Nature Videos | 4K HDR<br /><br />Australia’s cultural and geographical scale is truly staggering to behold: an island nation with a coastline that is over 16,000 miles long and a population of Aboriginal people that are the inheritors of the longest continuous culture on earth.<br />Located between the Pacific and Indian Oceans, Australia is the world’s largest island and its smallest continent. There’s room to move in the Land Down Under, and with so many sights to discover and enjoy, there’s a great incentive to go on a walkabout adventure. Whether exploring the traditional lifestyle of the nation’s Aboriginal people, relaxing on a sun-kissed beach or reveling the night away in a city hot spot, Australia has something special to offer every visitor.<br />From rainforests teeming with wildlife and cosmopolitan cities, to some of the harshest living environments on the planet, this incredible country provides virtually every kind of travel experience needed to satisfy anyone’s wanderlust. With such an overwhelming display of options and so much ground to cover, it’s hard to know where to begin. <br />With amazing national parks dotted around the country and some fantastic islands, visitors to Australia can be off exploring the delights of Tasmania one minute and Kakadu and Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Parks the next.<br />On top of this, the beautiful beaches and turquoise waters that line its shores are home to the jaw-dropping Great Barrier Reef; one of the miracles of the natural world and one of Australia’s most popular tourist destinations. With loads of great things to see and do, you’ll have your job cut out trying to fit everything into your trip!<br /><br />#Australia #4knature #relaxingmusic<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Welcome to Planet Relaxation!!!<br /><br />The goal at this channel to provide beautiful scenery, stunning, amazing nature and relaxation film with calming music, soothing music, peaceful music, relaxing music and soundscapes in 4K video ultra HD. <br />The videos is perfect to relax, study, sleep, stress relief, or focus on something. You can also use this music as a background for meditation or yoga<br />Let's enjoy the journey about the world's most stunning places with Planet Relaxation.<br /><br />Like, Subscribe and Share to immerse yourself in the beauty of our planet.<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />Music provided by EMVN<br />Submit your music: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://emvn.co/submitDemo">http://emvn.co/submitDemo</a><br />Contacts: network@emvn.co<br /><br />Follow Artists:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.fanlink.to/melosy">https://emvn.fanlink.to/melosy</a><br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />►All rights belong to their respective owners.<br />✔ This video was given a special license directly from the artists and the right holders.{% endraw %}
