---
title: "TOP 10 AFRICAN COUNTRIES WITH MOST POWERFUL INTELLIGENCE AGENCIES"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/r3Sl9UM6vCE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "r3Sl9UM6vCE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["As a matter of fact","intelligence agency","intelligence agencies in africa"]
date: "2022-03-13T12:56:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-27T17:00:11Z"
duration: "PT13M11S"
viewcount: "866"
likeCount: "24"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "As a matter of fact"
---
{% raw %}Pakistan shockingly has the world's most powerful intelligence agency in the world, despite the likes of Mossad, CIA and the rest. Africa is also not left behind, and here is the list of the top 10 countries with the most powerful intelligence agencies in Africa.<br />10 Tanzania<br />The Tanzania Intelligence and Security Service is the national intelligence and security agency of Tanzania. The Agency works closely with other national and international intelligence agencies and security organs in the promotion and maintenance of peace, safety, and security in and outside Tanzania’s borders.<br /><br /> 9 Ethiopia <br />Despite recent unrest in the country, Ethiopia still ranks highly among African countries with powerful intelligence agencies. The agency has the capacity to detect crime, and that's how the nation has always averted criminality until recently.<br />The National Intelligence and Security Service (NISS) is an intelligence agency of the Ethiopian federal government tasked with gathering information of national interest. <br />The NISS is under the provision of the Ministry of Peace. It reports to the ministry on its tasks and missions. It was re-established in 2013 and renamed the National Intelligence and Security Service.<br /><br />8 Ghana<br />The Bureau of National Investigations (BNI) is the internal intelligence agency of Ghana. The BNI is an integral part of the National Security Council, which oversees matters of counterintelligence and internal security in Ghana. <br />7 Nigeria<br />The State Security Service (SSS), self-styled as the Department of State Services (DSS), is a security agency of Nigeria and one of three successor organizations to the National Security Organization (NSO). The agency is under the presidency of the Federal Republic of Nigeria, and it reports its activities to the office of the NSA.<br /><br />6 Rwanda<br />The National Intelligence and Security Service is the internal intelligence agency of Rwanda and it is ranked among the top 10 most lethal intelligence agencies in Africa due to its ability to reduce crime in Rwanda by detecting and averting crime.<br />Crime in Rwanda is relatively low despite cases of burglary, bag snatching, and bugging, which are common crimes literally in every city across Africa and, to me, don't necessitate a big army of security like NISS.<br /><br />5 Uganda<br />The Internal Security Organization (ISO) is the Uganda government's counter intelligence agency responsible for providing national security intelligence to Uganda's policymakers.<br />ISO is composed of professional intelligence officers recruited from all over Uganda and trained at its training institute, the Institute of Intelligence and Security Studies. Upon being passed out, the operatives are sworn to protect Ugandans and their property and are deployed all over the country.<br />4 South Africa<br />The National Intelligence Agency (NIA) was the previous name of the intelligence agency of the South African government. Currently, it is known as the Domestic Branch of the State Security Agency. It is responsible for domestic and counter-intelligence within the Republic of South Africa. <br />3 Morocco<br />Morocco has one of the most powerful intelligence agencies on the continent, assigned several duties, among which are to ensure that the King is safe on the throne.<br />The General Directorate for Territorial Surveillance is the internal intelligence agency of the Moroccan state. It is tasked with monitoring potentially subversive domestic activities and aversion. Prior to 2005, it was known as the Direction de la Surveillance du Térritoire.<br /><br />2 Egypt<br />The National Security Agency, also known as Homeland Security, is an Egyptian security service, the main domestic security agency in Egypt and the successor of the State Security Investigations Service.<br />Its main responsibilities are counter-intelligence, internal and border security, counter-terrorism, and surveillance. <br />1 Kenya<br />Kenya is believed to have the best intelligence agency in East Africa and later in Africa.<br />The National Intelligence Service (NIS) is a disciplined civilian intelligence agency established under Article 242 of the Constitution of Kenya (2010) to be primarily responsible for security intelligence and counterintelligence, besides performing other functions prescribed by national legislation.<br /> <br />The National Intelligence Service (NIS), which was previously known as the National Security Intelligence Service (NSIS), is both the domestic and foreign intelligence agency of Kenya, unlike other countries which have entirely separate agencies in charge of security.<br /> It had its origins in &quot;Special Branch,&quot; a department of the national police that was created in 1952 under the British administration. Among other things, it provided intelligence during the Mau Mau uprising.<br />#moroccanintelligenceagency#tanzaniaintelligenceagency#kenyaintelligenceagency#mossad#CID#thenationalintelligenceservice#thenationalsecurityagency{% endraw %}
