---
title: "Faculty Meaning  | Best 10 Definitions of Faculty | Faculty Example Sentences"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/R92Cwz5qpeE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "R92Cwz5qpeE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Faculty Meaning with Examples","Faculty Pronunciation and Meaning","Meaning of Faculty video"]
date: "2022-03-15T17:41:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-14T16:40:40Z"
duration: "PT3M12S"
viewcount: "5"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ownurwords"
---
{% raw %}Faculty Meaning with Examples<br /><br />Meaning:<br /><br />1. A natural ability to hear, see, think, move, etc.<br /><br />2. A special ability to do a particular thing.<br /><br />3. The people who teach in a university, college, or US high school, or in one of its departments.<br /><br />4. A group of departments in a university or college that specialize in a particular subject or group of subjects.<br /><br />5. Any natural ability, such as hearing, seeing, or thinking.<br /><br />6. Your faculties are your physical and mental abilities.<br /><br />7. A faculty is a group of related departments in some universities or the people who work in them.<br /><br />8. A faculty is all the teaching staff of a university or college, or of one department.<br /><br />9. A faculty refers to any of your mental or physical abilities. If you lose your faculties, you are powerless. The faculty of a school is comprised of the people who work there.<br /><br />10. A license or authorization from Church authority.<br /><br />Examples:<br /><br />1. Power tools should only be used when your mental and physical faculties are at their best.<br /><br />2. Her moods are many, and she has a faculty for portraying deep emotions with an airy touch.<br /><br />3. God crackles over the intercom and tells Mr. Freeman he’s late for a faculty meeting.<br /><br />4. At the time of independence in 1950, the republic had few schools or university faculties.<br /><br />5. How can faculty improve their teaching so as to encourage creativity?<br /><br />6. They also managed to control the principal student unions of the individual faculties.<br /><br />7. I managed to bluff my way into the music faculty of one of our older universities.<br /><br />8. The rain falls harder as I make my way to the small parking lot reserved for faculty &amp; staff.<br /><br />9. “But, yes, we definitely need to use math. And Mr. Stoker needs to be our faculty mentor.”<br /><br />10. “Some faculty to enable you to recognize the wisdom and incline you to respect &amp; obey it.”<br /><br />11. The driver was Mr. McShane, Mica High’s faculty representative to the state contest.<br /><br />12. Mr. Robineau was there as faculty overseers, but basically, the students worked everything.<br /><br />Faculty Meaning with Examples , Faculty Pronunciation and Meaning, Meaning of Faculty video, Meaning of Faculty, How to Pronouns Faculty video, Faculty Examples, Faculty Meaning, Examples of Faculty, Faculty, Faculty word, How to use Faculty, What is Faculty, Faculty means, Faculty in English, Faculty use, Video shows what Faculty means, Meaning of outrage in English{% endraw %}
