---
title: "\"It changes by the day\" - Rising Fuel Prices - Eamon Ryan"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/iFtUj-t9_B4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "iFtUj-t9_B4"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Fuel","Fuel Costs","Fuel prices"]
date: "2022-03-10T00:13:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-09T18:46:07Z"
duration: "PT6M16S"
viewcount: "679"
likeCount: "10"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Newstalk"
---
{% raw %}'No, it won't be enough' - Minister Eamon Ryan admits a plan to reduce fuel excise will fall short, but it was 'the max' they could do.<br />He joins Kieran Cuddihy on The Hard Shoulder to discuss rising fuel prices.<br /><br />Transport Minister Eamon Ryan has admitted plans to cut excise duty paid on petrol and diesel 'won't be enough'.<br /><br />The Government announced the measure in response to the rising cost of fuel as a result of the Russian invasion of Ukraine.<br /><br />The plan would see a 15c cut in the price of diesel, a 20c cut in the price of petrol and a 2c cut in the price of green diesel from midnight until the end of August.<br /><br />However ministers have admitted it will only slow down increased costs.<br /><br />Minister Ryan told The Hard Shoulder the Government has gone as far as it can.<br /><br />&quot;I think we should be honest with the public and say 'No, it won't be enough'.<br /><br />&quot;We are in exceptional circumstances and the level of price increases, it isn't possible and it changes by the day.<br /><br />&quot;And it keep changing, so I don't you could ever do enough.<br /><br />&quot;But we did need to do something, and Government has done this today - along with the €500m package that we announced three weeks ago to help householders on their electricity bills, and a long with measures done in last October's budget.<br /><br />&quot;This is a crisis that has been slowly evolving in terms of higher energy prices, but which took off in the last two weeks because of the invasion of Ukraine.<br />&quot;We just have to be clear and honest: we can't fully protect against all the consequences of that.<br /><br />&quot;But we went to the max of what we could do within European law, and doing it in a way that was designed to be quick&quot;.<br /><br />'Targeted measures'<br />Minister Ryan says the Government will be looking at more measures over the next few weeks.<br /><br />&quot;We'll be coming back in a number of weeks' time, particularly looking at a number of efficiency or other measures that can help people save money in other ways.<br /><br />&quot;We're going to have to continue to response in an increasingly flexible way.<br />&quot;I think the focus will switch towards efficiency, because the international prices are outside our control&quot;.<br /><br />And he says more will have to be done to help those operating in the school transport and haulage sectors.<br /><br />&quot;I think it's really important that the haulage industry which is badly affected, badly exposed... where they're tied into a contract, or where their customers are not allowing them pass on the cost, that is one of the areas we will have to look [at].<br /><br />&quot;In those sort of areas where a public service can't be provided because that long-term contract is not reflecting some of the prices, we will in certain targeted areas have to adjust and amend&quot;.{% endraw %}
