---
title: "855 th namam : Om Sarva-kāmadāya Namaha : 1000 day Tapas - Vishnu namam\/Ramayanam"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/p1LbT2B4yCA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "p1LbT2B4yCA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["namam","Sarva-kāmadāya","Namaha"]
date: "2022-06-09T01:30:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-08T22:28:13Z"
duration: "PT7M29S"
viewcount: "0"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Gattu’s Karishye Vachanam Thava"
---
{% raw %}1000 Day Penance-A Historical Call for World Peace<br /> <br />Sri Gattu NarmadaVenugopala Swamy-the Acharya or the Priest of the NWA Hindu Temple in Bentonville, Arkansas in the United States of America participated in the Satsang of devotees and answered their inquisitive questions.<br /><br />What is 1000-day penance?<br />God is the supreme being of the entire cosmos. He has granted the boons of speech and intellect only to the human being in his entire creation of thousands of species and has given him the necessary amenities and prosperity for peaceful living. Despite enjoying happiness at various levels, and using the nature around him in multiple ways, showing gratitude to the Lord is the very basic duty of a human being. If not, it is merely ingratitude. Our Sastras say there is no atonement for ungrateful person. Our Maharshis described the Lord’s auspicious characteristics through thousand names in the form of Vishnu Sahasra Nama. Every characteristic of the Lord is the root cause of our lives and survival. So, this penance is all about uttering and recalling each name for thousand days.  <br /><br />What is the form of this program?<br />There is a YouTube channel called ‘Gattu’s Karishye Vachanam Thava.’ I will send one video each day with one name from the sahasra nama with a brief meaning.  All those in every country who aspire for one’s own peace as well as world peace should keep chanting that one name until they receive the next name the next day. The effect is enormous when millions of people around the world chant a name of the Lord several times continuously all through the day. This undoubtedly creates a wave of devotional vibes which promotes peace to the ones chanting as well to the whole world. There is no other way than this penance that can cleanse the flow of thoughts which has been told by the Lord himself in chapter 18 of the Bhagawad Gita.  If thoughts are cleansed, that itself eradicates bad behavior of the human being. <br /><br />When did this 1000-day penance start?<br />This penance has started on February the 5th 2020 on the auspicious day of Bheeshma Ekadasi when Bheeshma the embodiment of dharma or righteousness instructed to Pandavas. <br /><br />You said it has already started but we just heard about this penance. Can we join in the middle of the 1000 days?<br />Yes, you can join this penance at any time even on the last day but do not wait until the last day. Join as soon as know about this. <br /><br />What is meant by Tapas or penance?<br />Penance is chanting or uttering numerous times the name that you received today until you receive the next name the next day.<br /><br />What is the purpose of this penance? <br />If four people in the house have four different thought processes, it lacks peace in that house. Peace is when all four people in the house spend with the same divine feeling. Every house enveloped in peace leads to world peace. The penance of bringing the humanity in the entire world on the same path with the same divine feeling for an entire day uttering the same name for 1000 days certainly brings waves of peace to the world.<br /><br />Who all can do this penance?<br />Every one and any one can do this penance of mental worship by children, adults, elderly people, male, or female and without any discrimination of caste and community.<br /><br />What are the eligibilities required to participate in this penance?<br />There is no eligibility required to do this penance. This can be done by anyone, anywhere, for any amount of time at any time.<br /><br />Finally, what is your message to the participants of this 1000-day penance?<br />This is a penance where any person can chant in his mind while doing his daily chores without any rules or regulations. The more people join in this penance, the more result it gives. Please join this divine 1000-day penance-a Historical call for World Peace mission and encourage your friends and family to join too. This will promote peace in you and in the world you live in. This is the true meaning of our ancient saying ‘Lokaah samastaa sukhino bhavantu’-may peace envelope the entire world.<br /><br />Please subscribe to my YouTube channel to participate in this penance:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1s0Gzm2_kOoiQ1K0NK-8xQ/featured">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC1s0Gzm2_kOoiQ1K0NK-8xQ/featured</a><br /><br /><br />if you like to join narayanastram telegram group:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://t.me/joinchat/Og2u0lhcHyhr8zZCmny01Q">https://t.me/joinchat/Og2u0lhcHyhr8zZCmny01Q</a>{% endraw %}
