---
title: "Punch up: Ukrainian journalist and politician fight on live TV"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/9XRNR2bKdvg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "9XRNR2bKdvg"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Punch up: Ukrainian journalist and politician fight on live TV"]
date: "2022-02-25T22:28:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-19T10:52:53Z"
duration: "PT3M6S"
viewcount: "53292"
likeCount: "173"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "HotViralNews"
---
{% raw %}BRAWL breaks out on Ukrainian TV as journalist attacks Pro-Russian politician and puts him in a headlock after he refused to condemn Vladimir Putin as troops mass on border<br />Journalist Yuriy Butusov lashed out at pro-Russian politician Nestor Shufrych<br />Shufrych had refused to condemn Vladimir Putin, sparking the violent brawl<br />The former prime minister and president of Ukraine pleaded with them to stop<br />Comes as thousands of Ukrainian refugees are streaming into Russia today<br />A journalist has punched a pro-Russian politician in the face on live TV in Ukraine and put him in a headlock in front of the former prime minister in a debate over Vladimir Putin<br />The shocking brawl broke out between lawmaker Nestor Shufrych from the pro-Russian party Opposition Platform - For Life, and journalist Yuriy Butusov.<br /><br />The politician was attacked by his fellow guest after he refused to condemn Vladimir Putin, as Russian troops amasses troops on the border for a potential invasion.<br />Shufrych was left bloodied after Butusov walked up to him and hit him in the face, with former PM Arseniy Yatsenyuk and ex-president Petro Poroshenko watching on.<br /><br />Shufrych stood up to fight back and the two fell to the ground in the violent scrap before Butusov put his opponent in a headlock while the horrified guests pleaded with them to stop.<br /><br />The two were eventually pulled apart and continued the discussion on Savik Shuster's Freedom of Speech talk show.<br /><br />Shufrych had been asked if Putin is a murderer and a criminal but he refused to answer and said: 'Let Ukraine's authorities deal with that.'<br />Former president Poroshenko slammed him for the remarks, saying: 'There's a Russian agent right here in the studio.'<br /><br />The bitter spat comes as thousands of Ukrainian refugees are starting to stream into Russia today after Vladimir Putin's allies ordered a mass evacuation of two separatist republics as part of a suspected 'false flag' operation to provide the pretext for an invasion.<br /><br />Up to 700,00 civilians are being evacuated from the breakaway regions of Donetsk and Luhansk after rebel leaders yesterday claimed Ukraine was about to attack the areas.<br /><br />Hours later a car bomb rocked Donetsk in an alleged 'assassination attempt' of a top Putin-allied official, which Western intelligence agencies believe was faked as part of the 'false flag' deception.<br />Later two explosions at a 'gas pipeline' rocked the separatist city of Luhansk in eastern Ukraine in another suspected false flag attack.<br /><br />Last night, US President said he is ‘convinced’ the Russian premier has made up his mind to launch an invasion after amassing almost 200,000 troops on the border.<br /><br />In a televised address from the White House, Mr Biden said he has ‘reason to believe’ it will occur in the ‘coming days’ and will include an assault on the capital Kyiv.<br />After weeks of saying the US was not sure if Mr Putin had made the final decision to launch a widespread invasion, Mr Biden said that assessment had changed.<br /><br />‘As of this moment I’m convinced he’s made the decision,’ Mr Biden said. ‘We have reason to believe that.’<br />He cited the United States’ ‘significant intelligence capability’ for the assessment.<br /><br />The Ukrainian civilian refugees will be housed in tent cities provided by Putin's government in Russia where they will receive a gift of $132.<br /><br />False flag suspicions were also fueled by time stamps on the videos announcing the evacuations, that show they were taped by rebel leaders two days before being released.<br /><br />Huge convoys of buses were laid on the for the refugees, after the evacuation was announced in video addresses by the leaders of the breakaway Republics which have also ordered a general mobilisation of all men to the army.<br /><br />Multiple explosions could be heard on Saturday morning in the north of the separatist-controlled city of Donetsk in eastern Ukraine, a Reuters witness said. The origin was not immediately clear. Ukraine said earlier that one of its soldiers had been killed.<br /><br />Denis Pushilin, the leader of the so-called Donetsk People's Republic, has called on all men 'who are in the reserves to come to military conscription offices' following a mass evacuation of women and children in Ukraine's breakaway provinces to southern Russia.<br />Pushilin claimed his region's forces had prevented attacks he said were planned by Ukraine, and that the Ukrainian army had continued manoeuvres.<br /><br />Separatist authorities on Friday announced plans to evacuate around 700,000 people, citing fears of an imminent attack by Ukrainian forces – an accusation Kiev flatly denied.<br /><br />Less than 7,000 people had been evacuated from Donetsk as of Saturday morning, the local emergencies ministry said.{% endraw %}
