---
title: "27% of Homeowners Don't Know This"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/47iQli-wo44\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "47iQli-wo44"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["Homeowners","Don't"]
date: "2022-03-24T15:26:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-02-26T11:35:57Z"
duration: "PT7M22S"
viewcount: "59"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Be Wealthy & Smart Podcast"
---
{% raw %}Learn what 27% of homeowners don't know and why it is important information that can save you a lot of money.<br /><br /><br /><br /> Are you investing well for financial freedom...or not?<br /><br /><br /><br /> If you invest $10,000 per year for retirement, but earn only 2%, after 20 years you’ll have $262,692 and after 30 years $431,908.<br /><br /><br /><br /> However, if you invested for growth and the stock market averaged 10% annually, your $10,000 per year would grow to $697,299 after 20 years and $1,983,928 after 30 years! A huge difference.<br /><br /><br /><br /> Complete the short application to find out how to invest for growth, what asset allocation I recommend (with ticker symbols, percentages, etc.) and if the VIP Experience is a good fit for you.<br /><br /><br /><br /> INTERESTED IN THE BE WEALTHY &amp;amp; SMART VIP EXPERIENCE?<br /><br /><br /><br /> In this monthly LIVE webinar with Linda, you’ll learn:<br /><br /><br /><br />  Where you to invest right now to prepare to build wealth in the next bubble (that is quietly forming) Why billionaires are chomping at the bit to make their next fortunes, and you can too without having their money Why it doesn’t take a lot of money or investment experience to attain financial freedom Where fortunes may be made and how to make yours  Linda’s teaching style is to take cutting-edge information and make it easy to understand and implement the concepts. She gives you all the details about where bubbles are forming, how to invest, and specifically what to buy (with ticker symbols).<br /><br /><br /><br /> To find out where wealth building opportunities are and apply for a strategy session with Linda, click here.<br /><br /><br /><br /> PLEASE REVIEW THE SHOW ON ITUNES<br /><br /><br /><br /> If you enjoyed this episode, please subscribe and leave a review. I love hearing from you! When you get to the next page, click the blue button “Listen in iTunes”, listen to an episode, and click on “Ratings and Reviews” across from my photo. I so appreciate it!<br /><br /><br /><br /> SUBSCRIBE TO BE WEALTHY &amp;amp; SMART<br /><br /><br /><br /> Click Here to Subscribe Via iTunes<br /><br /><br /><br /> Click Here to Subscribe Via Stitcher on an Android Device<br /><br /><br /><br /> Click Here to Subscribe Via RSS Feed<br /><br /><br /><br /> WEALTH HEIRESS TV<br /><br /><br /><br /> Please subscribe to Wealth Heiress TV YouTube channel (it’s not just for women, it’s for men too!), here.<br /><br /><br /><br /> PLEASE LEAVE A BOOK REVIEW<br /><br /><br /><br /> Leave a book review on Amazon here.<br /><br /><br /><br /> Get my book, “You’re Already a Wealth Heiress, Now Think and Act Like One: 6 Practical Steps to Make It a Reality Now!”<br /><br /><br /><br /> Men love it too! After all, you are Wealth Heirs. :)<br /><br /><br /><br /> Available for purchase on Amazon.<br /><br /><br /><br /> International buyers (if you live outside of the US) get my book here.<br /><br /><br /><br /> WANT MORE FROM LINDA?<br /><br /><br /><br /> Check out her programs.<br /><br /><br /><br /> Join her on Instagram.<br /><br /><br /><br /> WEALTH LIBRARY OF PODCASTS<br /><br /><br /><br /> Listen to the full wealth library of podcasts from the beginning. Use the search bar in the upper right corner of the page to search topics.<br /><br /><br /><br /> TODAY'S SPONSOR<br /><br /><br /><br /> I want to take a few seconds to tell you about how I “read” more books and stay ahead of the curve. It’s by not reading books, but instead listening to them – like you are right now! With Audible, there are over 150,000 titles to choose from for your iPhone, Android, Kindle or mp3 player and…your first audiobook is FREE!<br /><br /><br /><br /> I suggest you get the audio book of Think and Grow Rich, or you can check out my website Resources page where I list all of my favorite financial books and you see exactly what books I have read and recommend you read. Then get started with Audible by visiting <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://lindapjones.com/FreeBook">https://lindapjones.com/FreeBook</a> and order your first audio book free! Get Think and Grow Rich or another book from my recommend list, and be sure to get started checking off the books you want to read with your free book from Audible!<br /><br /><br /><br /> Be Wealthy &amp;amp; Smart,™ is a personal finance show with self-made millionaire Linda P. Jones, America’s Wealth Mentor.™ Learn simple steps that make a big difference to your financial freedom. <br /><br /><br /><br /> (Some links are affiliate links. There is no additional cost to you.){% endraw %}
