---
title: "AT LAST: 144 Heesen Superyacht Walkthrough [$7,495,000]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jW1C4JHxSjY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jW1C4JHxSjY"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["yacht","walkthrough","hessen"]
date: "2022-03-01T23:06:28+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-04-02T19:32:50Z"
duration: "PT19M1S"
viewcount: "163991"
likeCount: "1887"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Denison Yachting"
---
{% raw %}Yacht: 144' Heesen 1990 [AT LAST]<br />Location: Fort Lauderdale, FL<br />Asking Price: $7,495,000<br />Yacht Broker: Mike Burke / 561.722.1063 / MB@DenisonYachting.com<br />Yacht Price, Specs + Photos: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hubs.ly/H0p8N0L0">https://hubs.ly/H0p8N0L0</a><br /><br />AT LAST offers an inspired level of elegance and comfort. Exquisite in every detail, AT LAST personifies absolute luxury. Her contemporary interior by designer Tui Pranich is expansive, creating a bright and relaxed atmosphere on board.<br /><br />Her elegant full-beam master stateroom is located forward on the main deck with a centerline king-size bed where you will enjoy incredible panoramic views. The master bathroom features a large Jacuzzi tub, a spacious shower with rain shower-head, and three wall-fitted showerheads.<br /><br />Additionally, AT LAST accommodates guests in a king stateroom, two queen staterooms and a twin with Pullman berth — totaling five staterooms — a configuration perfect for a large family or a successful charter yacht. The king and queen staterooms have en-suite bathrooms with modern glass showers and the twin en-suite bathroom has a Jacuzzi tub/glass shower combination. All guest staterooms have large portholes providing outstanding natural light.<br /><br />The excellent layout of AT LAST allows for all toy and tender storage to be located on the main deck aft, alleviating noise and disturbance when launching and retrieving. With no large cranes on the bridge deck aft or sundeck, AT LAST's sundeck is the perfect place to spend time<br />uninterrupted. She features a large Jacuzzi aft with comfortable pad surrounding it for guests to enjoy, as well as a massive full-beam sunpad forward with large umbrellas for shade to sit back and relax. Additional amenities include a large bar with seating, barbeque grill, and bench seat with smaller dining table.<br /><br />Powered by MTU engines, installed in 2009 and propelled by Kamewa waterjets, AT LAST has an incredibly shallow draft for a yacht of her size. Which make anchoring in private and pristine destinations in The Bahamas and other shallower destinations around the world is a breeze.<br /><br />AT LAST was named the number one charter boat in 2015 by Boat International Magazine; she is fully capable of producing annual charter revenues in-excess of one million dollars.<br /><br />----------------------------------------------<br />Mike Burke<br />MB@DenisonYachting.com<br />Cell: 561.722.1063<br />Office: 954.763.3971<br />----------------------------------------------<br /><br />0:00 Introduction<br />1:57 Sundeck<br />3:39 Bridge Deck Aft<br />4:12 Sky Lounge<br />5:28 Captain Quarters<br />5:43 Wheel House<br />6:48 Foredeck<br />7:50 Swim Platform<br />9:08 Engine Room<br />10:23 Aft Deck<br />11:18 Salon<br />12:33 Galley<br />13:00 Crew Accommodations <br />13:49 Master Stateroom<br />15:10 Guest Staterooms + Wine Storage<br />17:55 Outro<br /><br />Musicbed SyncID: MB01UNJYQZGY6OA{% endraw %}
