---
title: "ACSOD Two Fangs + Futures Son of Cobra Twin Fin Review - The Surfboard Guide"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bHgfWxEKUn0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bHgfWxEKUn0"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["The Surfboard Guide","Surfboard Review","Surf"]
date: "2022-04-23T09:31:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-22T20:00:07Z"
duration: "PT9M50S"
viewcount: "410"
likeCount: "17"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Surfboard Guide"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to the review of the Alex Crews (ACSOD) Two Fangs - one of the funnest twin fin surfboards on the market!<br /><br />I have been riding the Two Fangs as a 5:8 x 20 3/4 x 2 1/2 - 33.1L<br /><br />From <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://acsodsurfboards.com/collections/alternative/products/two-fangs-1">https://acsodsurfboards.com/collections/alternative/products/two-fangs-1</a><br /><br />The Two Fangs. A board that all have loved since its inception in 2016. Coming into 2021, we had one question off the back of the Two Fangs success. How do we make something great even better? After putting one under the feet of surfing icon Mick Fanning, he had some feedback we couldn’t ignore. “little more lift in the nose and pull the outline in a touch”. These two minor changes were the catalyst of the improvement we were looking for.<br /><br />The Two Fangs just got better. An already rippable twin is now even more rippable. The same fluid speed and glide of the original design, the same performance flare, yet now with a slight increase in nose rocker and pulled in nose outline. Allowing you to surf tighter top to bottom, wrench heavier arches and make steeper drops than before.<br /><br />OUTLINE<br /><br />Pulled in nose outline blends into a curvy centre point, then straightens out through the tail. A late flyer sits behind the fins, creating a release point to allow fast directional changes.<br /><br />ROCKER<br /><br />Medium entry rocker blends into an extended flat exit. Lift and curve in the nose add manoeuvrability, while the flat tail rocker maintains speed and drive.<br /><br />RAILS<br /><br />Medium/boxy rail tappers into low, bitey rail from the fins back. Adding forgiveness under the front door while the tapered rail adds hold.<br /><br />BOTTOM SHAPE<br /><br />Slight vee entry blends into a medium single under the chest, deep double concave through the fins, finished with a vee exit.<br /><br />WRAP UP<br /><br />Our most popular model is now even better than before.<br /><br />SKILL LEVEL: Beginner to advanced<br /><br />WAVE TYPE: Average to decent beach breaks, points &amp; reef breaks.<br /><br />WAVE SIZE: 1-4ft<br /><br />RIDE: 5-6 inches shorter and + 2 litres more volume than your regular shortboard.<br /><br />In the Two Fangs I rode the Son of Cobra Twin Fins by Futures Fins.<br /><br />From <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://futuresfins.com/products/son-of-cobra-twin">https://futuresfins.com/products/son-of-cobra-twin</a><br /><br />The Son of Cobra Twin is designed with extra cant angle to fit all Post-modern Twin fins with deep double concave bottom shape, especially the new ...Lost Cobra Killer and other Son of Cobra Round Twin. These fins have a 7.5 degree cant angle (4 degrees is standard for twins) specifically to be paired with the Lost Surfboards x SOC “Cobra Killer” board model.  Solid Fiberglass construction combined with balanced base and height measurements provides maximum drive, while the thinner tip offers release and spring off the top.<br /><br />Template Category | Neutral (balanced, all-around)<br />Construction | Fiberglass<br />Size | Large Twin<br /><br />Thanks so much for watching, and be sure to like, subscribe and share!<br /><br />Be sure to also check out our Instagram @thesurfboardguide{% endraw %}
