---
title: "Chemical Carcinogens - Cancer causing agents, we use in everyday life"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-gOwahqxn5I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-gOwahqxn5I"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["cancer","cancer causing agents","cancer causing foods"]
date: "2022-06-06T10:38:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-19T18:41:22Z"
duration: "PT3M43S"
viewcount: "1325"
likeCount: "94"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kote's Medical Animations"
---
{% raw %}Carcinogens are agents which initiates or promotes cancer formation. <br />3 types carcinogens exist: Chemical; radiation and infectious carcinogens.<br />Initiator carcinogens cause mutation or damage of DNA. <br />After initiation follows promotion. Which means proliferation of mutated cells. <br /><br />Carcinogens can directly cause  irreversible damage of DNA, or mutations by binding to DNA.  <br />Such carcinogens called Genotoxins.  For example:  chemical agent, N-nitroso-N-methylurea; ultraviolet light and ionizing radiation are genotoxins.<br />Nongenotoxins do not directly affect DNA but act in other ways to promote growth. These include hormones and some organic compounds.<br />We may have contact with carcinogens in every day life:<br />1. Nitrosamines – Causes Gastric cancer.  Some foods contain nitrosamines. <br />Cured meats like: Salami. Pepperoni. Bacon. <br />beer; some cheeses; nonfat dry milk; and sometimes fish.<br />2. Cigarette smoke  Causes multiple malignancies including:  cancers of the lung, esophagus, larynx, mouth, throat, kidney, bladder, liver, pancreas, stomach, cervix, colon, and rectum, as well as acute myeloid leukemia.<br />3. Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons, causes bronchogenic carcinoma, <br />Polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons produced when coal, oil, gas, wood, garbage, and tobacco are burned.  In addition: they occur naturally in coal, crude oil, and gasoline.<br />4. Asbestos (bronchogenic carcinoma, mesothelioma) -  Asbestos containing materials have most often been used in construction and insulation; however, some consumer products like sheets, plastic tools and cookware like pans and pots, and talcum powder may also contain the toxic fibrous material.<br />5. Chromium and nickel Causes bronchogenic carcinoma - Nickel-chromium alloy is usually used as coating in cars. Chromium is used to protect metal surfaces from acids and corrosion.<br />6. Arsenic Causes: squamous cell carcinomas of skin and lung, angiosarcoma of liver.<br />Arsenic is a well-known poison.   Arsenic is used as a doping agent in semiconductors (gallium arsenide) for solid-state devices. A small amount of arsenic is used in alloys.<br />7. Vinyl chloride - angiosarcoma of liver – it is used to produce pipes for plumbing.<br />8. aromatic amines and azo dyes, Causes hepatocellular carcinoma, it is used for  production of rubber and in cutting oils.<br />9. Alkylating agents; causes leukemia, lymphoma, other cancers. Most common use of alkylating agents is as chemotherapy drugs.<br />10. benzene  - leukemia;  <br />Benzene is one of the most used component in the world industry.<br />Benzene is used in paint materials.  For example wall paint; for food preservative.to make plastic, resin and nylon.  In explosive materials  (TNT); <br />Good smell deodorizer on soaps.<br />11. Naphthylamine Causes  bladder cancer. is now used only in laboratory research.{% endraw %}
