---
title: "Amazing Health And Nutritional Benefit Of Sesame Seeds"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IKSJTfO157k\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IKSJTfO157k"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["health benefits of sesame seeds","sesame seeds","sesame seeds benefits"]
date: "2022-02-06T17:05:32+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-11-19T09:30:01Z"
duration: "PT3M20S"
viewcount: "26653"
likeCount: "411"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Natural Ways"
---
{% raw %}Sesame seeds are tiny, oil-rich seeds that grow in pods on the Sesamum indicum plant.<br />Here are 6 health benefits of sesame seeds.<br />1.Good Source of Fiber<br />Three tablespoons (30 grams) of unhulled sesame seeds provide 3.5 grams of fiber, which is 12% of the Reference Daily Intake (RDI). Since the average fiber intake in the United States is only half of the RDI, eating sesame seeds regularly could help increase your fiber intake. Fiber is well known for supporting digestive health. Additionally, growing evidence suggests that fiber may play a role in reducing your risk of heart disease, certain cancers, obesity, and type 2 diabetes.<br /><br />2.May Lower Cholesterol and Triglycerides<br />Some studies suggest that regularly eating sesame seeds may help decrease high cholesterol and triglycerides — which are risk factors for heart disease.<br />Sesame seeds consist of 15% saturated fat, 41% polyunsaturated fat, and 39% monounsaturated fat.<br />Research indicates that eating more polyunsaturated and monounsaturated fat relative to saturated fat may help lower your cholesterol and reduce heart disease risk. What’s more, sesame seeds contain two types of plant compounds — lignans and phytosterols — that may also have cholesterol-lowering effects.<br /><br />3.May Help Lower Blood Pressure<br />High blood pressure is a major risk factor for heart disease and stroke.<br />Sesame seeds are high in magnesium, which may help lower blood pressure.<br />Additionally, lignans, vitamin E, and other antioxidants in sesame seeds may help prevent plaque buildup in your arteries, potentially maintaining healthy blood pressure.<br /><br />4.May Reduce Inflammation<br />Sesame seeds may fight inflammation.<br />Long-term, low-level inflammation may play a role in many chronic conditions, including obesity and cancer, as well as heart and kidney disease.<br />When people with kidney disease ate a mixture of 18 grams of flax seeds and 6 grams each of sesame and pumpkin seeds daily for 3 months, their inflammatory markers dropped 51‒79%.<br /><br />5.May Aid Blood Sugar Control<br />Sesame seeds are low in carbs while high in protein and healthy fats — all of which may support blood sugar control.<br />Additionally, these seeds contain pinoresinol, a compound that may help regulate blood sugar by inhibiting the action of the digestive enzyme maltase.<br />Maltase breaks down the sugar maltose, which is used as a sweetener for some food products. It’s also produced in your gut from the digestion of starchy foods like bread and pasta.<br /><br />6.Rich in Antioxidants<br />Animal and human studies suggest that consuming sesame seeds may increase the overall amount of antioxidant activity in your blood. The lignans in sesame seeds function as antioxidants, which help fight oxidative stress — a chemical reaction that may damage your cells and increase your risk of many chronic diseases.<br />Additionally, sesame seeds contain a form of vitamin E called gamma-tocopherol, an antioxidant that may be especially protective against heart disease.{% endraw %}
