---
title: "The Most Eye Opening 90 Minutes Of Your Life — Charlie Munger's Legendary Speech"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/kGG_rt1Dfqk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "kGG_rt1Dfqk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["freenvesting","free investing","charlie munger interview"]
date: "2022-04-10T07:07:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-08T22:13:59Z"
duration: "PT1H33M6S"
viewcount: "65819"
likeCount: "1634"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "FREENVESTING"
---
{% raw %}Charlie Munger talks to students and shares his experience in life &amp; business gained over many decades as a vice chairman of one of the world’s largest conglomerates, Berkshire Hathaway. He gives profound advice on investing and life choices, covering a variety of important topics. Hope you guys enjoy this video and learn a great lesson from the legendary investor.<br /> <br />Being a vice chairman of Berkshire Hathaway and the closest partner (right hand man) of Warren Buffett, Charles T. Munger has a net worth of around $2 billion. He is a profoundly wise man who is absolutely worth listening to, especially when it comes to investing, the psychology of wealthy people, rationality, and life experience.<br /> <br />🕒 Timestamps:<br />00:00 - About The Economy<br />02:56 - The Best Way To Get What You Want In Life (Charlie's Advice)<br />05:37 - Two Things You Should Never Do<br />08:21 - How People Survived In The 1930s, A History Lesson<br />10:07 - Corruption &amp; Easy Money / The Truth About Wall Street<br />17:08 - #1 Rule For Politics<br />22:55 - Importance Of Infrastructure &amp; Renewable Energy<br />26:45 - The Main Problem Of Mankind<br />32:29 - The Problem With Short-Term Incentives<br />41:10 - &quot;99% Of The Troubles That Threaten Our Civilization Come From...&quot;<br />43:01 - Charlie's Investing Advice For Young People (Next 100 Years)<br />47:21 - Will U.S. Crisis Get Worse Than Japan?<br />57:57 - Impact Investing<br />59:43 - How To Survive Boom &amp; Bust, Charlie's Great Grandfather<br />01:03:19 - The Rise Of Asia<br />01:08:40 - &quot;The Iron Rule Of Life&quot;<br />01:11:54 - Bailouts<br />01:16:38 - Healthcare<br />01:20:24 - &quot;A Wonderful Story On Human Nature&quot;<br />01:24:54 - Business Schools<br />01:26:24 - Lee Kuan Yew and Singapore's Success<br /> <br />Share this video with a friend if you found it useful! Consider subscribing to the channel for videos about investing, business, stock market, managing money, building wealth, passive income, and other finance-related content!<br /> <br />--------------------------------------------------<br /> <br />► Special thanks to:<br />Ross School of Business<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZS1vWwCgV51TxOYn6fB1Cw">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCZS1vWwCgV51TxOYn6fB1Cw</a><br />Borrtex<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/Borrtex">https://www.youtube.com/c/Borrtex</a><br /> <br />🎥 We own commercial licenses for all the content used in this video except parts about the topic that have been used under fair use and it was fully edited by us. For any concerns, business inquiries, etc. please contact us via email in the “About” section of the channel.<br /> <br />The Most Eye Opening 90 Minutes Of Your Life — Charlie Munger's Legendary Speech{% endraw %}
