---
title: "for KING & COUNTRY - Relate (Lyrics)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JBMR-CGqJ7s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JBMR-CGqJ7s"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["for KING & COUNTRY","Relate","for KING & COUNTRY Relate"]
date: "2022-03-06T18:17:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-06T04:00:39Z"
duration: "PT3M33S"
viewcount: "28638"
likeCount: "615"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Country Music New"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe and press (🔔) to join the Notification Squad and stay updated with new uploads<br /><br />Country Music New social media<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/Country-music-New-106482047836118/">https://www.facebook.com/Country-music-New-106482047836118/</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/invites/contact/?i=sv0ogpouu0hh&amp;utm_content=ij32niz">https://www.instagram.com/invites/contact/?i=sv0ogpouu0hh&amp;utm_content=ij32niz</a><br /><br />©️ If any producer or label has an issue with this song or picture, please get in contact with us and we will delete it immediately.<br /><br />Lyrics<br /><br />[Verse 1]<br />Has life hit you so hard that you've been knocked down?<br />Have you gone too far to find the middle ground?<br />Did they raise you so high, just to pull you back down?<br />Have you been so lost you could never be found?<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus]<br />Cause I've been real, I've been fake<br />Been a sinner, been a saint<br />I've been right, I've been so, so wrong<br />Yeah, I've made my mistakes<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />I don't know what it's like to be you<br />You don't know what it's like to be me<br />What if we're all the same in different kinds of ways<br />Can you, can you relate?<br />We both know what it's like to be hurt (Ooh-ooh-ooh)<br />We both know what it's likе to feel pain (Ooh-ooh-ooh)<br />But I think it's safe to say we're on to bеtter days<br />Can you, can you relate?<br /><br />[Post-Chorus]<br />Can you relate?<br /><br />[Verse 2]<br />Have you ever been left when you should have been loved?<br />Has there ever been a time when you stayed, but you should have run?<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus]<br />Cause I've been real, I've been fake<br />Been a sinner, been a saint<br />I've been right, I've been so, so wrong<br />Yeah, I've made my mistakes<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Now, I don't know what it's like to be you<br />You don't know what it's like to be me<br />What if we're all the same in different kinds of ways<br />Can you, can you relate?<br />We both know what it's like to be hurt (Ooh-ooh-ooh)<br />We both know what it's like to feel pain (Ooh-ooh-ooh)<br />But I think it's safe to say we're on to better days<br />Can you, can you relate?<br /><br />[Post-Chorus]<br />Can you relate? (Ooh-ooh-ooh)<br />Can you relate? (Ooh-ooh-ooh)<br />Can you relate?<br /><br />[Outro]<br />I don't know what it's like to be you<br />You don't know what it's like to be me<br />But by the grace of God we'll see each other's heart<br />Can you, can you relate?<br /><br />👉Disclaimer<br />video is for educational purpose only.Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.<br /><br />Tags<br /><br />for KING &amp; COUNTRY, Relate, for KING &amp; COUNTRY Relate, Relate for KING &amp; COUNTRY, Relate Lyrics, Lyrics Relate, for KING &amp; COUNTRY Relate Lyrics, Relate for KING &amp; COUNTRY Lyrics, Lyrics for KING &amp; COUNTRY Relate, Lyrics Relate for KING &amp; COUNTRY, for KING &amp; COUNTRY Lyrics Relate, DaBaby Rockstar Lyrics ft Roddy Ricch, Megan Thee Stallion Savage Lyrics ft Beyonce, The Weeknd Blinding Lights Lyrics, SAINt JHN ROSES Lyrics, Justin Bieber Intentions Lyrics ft Quavo, Doja Cat Say So Lyrics ft Nicki Minaj, Lil Baby The Bigger Picture Lyrics, Jack Harlow Whats Poppin Lyrics ft DaBaby Tory Lanez &amp; Lil Wayne, Lil Mosey Blueberry Faygo Lyrics, Post Malone Circles Lyrics, Harry styles Adore You Lyrics, DopeLyrics, SuperbLyrics, LYRICS LOVERS, BangersOnly, Unique Vibes, Lyrics de músicas, Leader Of Lyrics, NewMelody, Taz Network, Unique Sound, Gold Coast Music, Divinity, Country Music New.{% endraw %}
