---
title: "Pat King - Blow Those Horns, Cops Are Coming"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZP483721q9c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZP483721q9c"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Ottawa","ontario","canada"]
date: "2022-02-27T06:26:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-17T13:26:04Z"
duration: "PT1H12M46S"
viewcount: "52545"
likeCount: "3238"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kryptospotted"
---
{% raw %}Pat King, having not slept, is admonished Thursday morning over the radio (29:52) for not having a plan and for potentially exposing himself to legal liability by ordering truckers to honk their horns to warn everyone of a police raid, which he says is imminent. The injunction that makes it an arrestable offense to honk truck horns is still in effect.<br /><br />He and his partner spent the predawn hours driving around insisting they were being followed by various vehicles.<br /><br />Like earlier on Thursday morning, King states that the OPP (Ontario Provincial Police) has no jurisdiction in Ottawa. That is untrue - following the resignation this week of Ottawa's Police Chief Peter Sloly, the OPP and RCMP (Royal Canadian Mounted Police) have been put in charge. This fact has been widely reported by credible media outlets.<br /><br />King introduces himself to a Newsmax reporter and begins an interview. The interview is streamed in its entirety. King is asked if he considers himself one of the organizers and he tells the reporter he had a part in it. When asked about the GoFundMe, he quickly cuts the reporter off, saying he has nothing to do with it and does not want to talk about it.<br /><br />Later on Thursday, convoy organizers Tamara Lich and Chris Barber were arrested. Daniel Bulford, who spoke in convoy press conferences as part of the security team, later turned himself in for arrest. <br /><br />On Friday, Pat King was arrested on several charges while doing a live stream from a vehicle. He is awaiting a bail hearing on Tuesday.<br /><br />Barber was granted bail late Friday afternoon. He was released on $100,000 bond, and some of the conditions reportedly include leaving town and regularly checking in as to his whereabouts. Barber cannot publicly endorse the convoy or have any contact with other organizers. He was quoted as saying, &quot;My organizing days are done. I just want to go home&quot;.<br /><br />Lich appeared for a bail hearing on Saturday. In the hearing, she agreed to return to Alberta and stop advocating for the protests. She told the judge she can't travel by commercial air because of vaccine mandates and that her bank accounts are frozen. Lich pledged a $5,000 bond, saying she couldn't afford more. Her husband Wayne pledged the same amount.<br /><br />Under cross examination, Wayne Lich said that he flew to Ottawa on a private jet several weeks ago to see his wife. He told the court that the Emergencies Act was unlawfully invoked and said that people's right to protest in Canada &quot;was part of our first amendments.&quot;<br /><br />The judge responded by saying, &quot;First amendment? What’s that?&quot;<br /><br />Lich said he's not a follower of politics, and was just trying to ensure his wife's safety.<br /><br />Tamara Lich is staying in jail until her next court appearance on Tuesday.{% endraw %}
