---
title: "The PSYCHOLOGICAL TRICKS To Instantly Be More Confident & WIN ANY ARGUMENT | Evy Poumpouras"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/SVB3SZKC8I4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "SVB3SZKC8I4"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Lewis Howes","Lewis Howes interview","school of greatness"]
date: "2022-05-31T09:05:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-30T14:04:33Z"
duration: "PT1H47M21S"
viewcount: "16131"
likeCount: "908"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lewis Howes"
---
{% raw %}Download podcast episodes a week early here! - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.lewishowes.com/pod">http://www.lewishowes.com/pod</a><br /><br />Evy is a multimedia journalist who regularly appears on the Today Show, NBC, MSNBC, and GMA covering topics on national security, law enforcement, and crime. She holds a Master of Arts in Forensic Psychology and a Master of Science in Journalism from Columbia University. Evy’s actions as a first responder during the 9/11 terror attacks on the World Trade Center in New York City bestowed her the United States Secret Service Valor Award.<br /><br />As a member of the most prestigious protection force in the world for over 12 years, Evy served on the Secret Service’s Presidential Protective Division for President Barack Obama and First Lady Michelle Obama. When not safeguarding the world’s most high value assets, Evy worked complex criminal investigations, operated undercover, and was an interrogator for the agency’s elite polygraph unit specially trained in the art of lie detection, human behavior, and cognitive influence.<br /><br />—<br /><br />If you’re ready to learn how to get more comfortable with confrontation, how to better read people’s true intentions, the difference between a disagreement and being competitive, and more, then I know you’ll gain a ton of value from my wide-ranging conversation with Evy. And now, let’s jump into Episode 1,270 of The School of Greatness!<br /><br />“When people feel comfortable with you, they will challenge you more.&quot; @evypoumpouras<br /> <br />SOME QUESTIONS I ASK:<br />What are things people can do to own and regain their confidence?<br />What happens when people avoid conflict?<br />What should we be thinking about every time we meet someone new?<br />What are the key strategies to mastering your relationships?<br />What is the difference== between unconditional and conditional trust?<br />IN THIS EPISODE, YOU WILL LEARN:<br />The difference between a disagreement and being competitive. <br />How to feel more comfortable addressing a conflict.<br />How to master your relationships.<br />Why you should trust people conditionally.<br />Plus much more…<br />Cover Image ART19<br />The School of Greatness<br />Learn to Live Fearlessly &amp; Master Relationships w/ Evy Poumpouras EP 1270<br />SHARE<br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> <br /> SUBSCRIBE<br /> Amazon Music<br /> Apple Podcasts<br /> CastBox<br /> Google Podcasts<br /> iHeartRadio<br /> Pocket Casts<br /> RadioPublic<br /> Spotify<br /> Stitcher<br /> RSS<br /> DOWNLOAD DESCRIPTION <br />00:00 / 01:47:59<br />Listen on <br />Listen on Apple Podcast <br />Listen on Spotify<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />SHOW NOTES:<br />Her book, ‘Becoming Bulletproof: Protect Yourself, Read People, Influence Situations, and Live Fearlessly’<br />Evy<br />CONNECT WITH<br />EVY POUMPOURAS<br />WEBSITE<br />TWITTER<br />INSTAGRAM<br />FACEBOOK<br />COMMENT BELOW<br />LET US KNOW YOUR THOUGHTS<br />JOIN 200 MILLION+ ON THE JOURNEY TO gREAtNESS<br />PODCAST<br />DREAM BIGGER. LIVE BETTER.<br />MAKE AN IMPACT.<br /><br />(7,200+)<br />Apple Podcast<br />Spotify<br />Google Podcasts<br />StitcherStitcher<br />Soundcloud<br />PandoraPandora<br />HAVE GREATNESS DELIVERED TO YOUR INBOX<br />GET OUR LATEST EPISODES PLUS INSPIRING CONTENT EMAILED TO YOU<br />SUBSCRIBE NOW<br />Start Here<br />Store<br />GREATNESS IN<br />YOUR NEWSFEED<br /><br /><br /><br />Lewis Howes<br /><br />Copyright Lewis Howes © 2022<br />Terms &amp; Conditions<br />Privacy Policy<br />Sitemap{% endraw %}
