---
title: "NEW 2022 Garmin Instinct 2 Solar Watch Review"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6TymOO9INvw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6TymOO9INvw"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["garmin instinct 2 solar","garmin instinct 2","garmin instinct 2 solar review"]
date: "2022-03-09T12:38:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-08T16:00:04Z"
duration: "PT12M15S"
viewcount: "614"
likeCount: "32"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Backpacking UK"
---
{% raw %}Here is my Garmin Instinct 2 Solar Watch Review. This is a brand new multisport gps watch for 2022. It's packed full of features and is also a gps smart watch too including Garmin Pay, notifications and weather updates. In this garmin review I go through the smartwatch features whilst using the gps for running, cycling and hiking.<br /><br />I'm really impressed with this Garmin Instinct 2 watch. The gps signal is excellent and it has far more features than I will ever use. It's accurate too and connects easily with garmin connect and then onto strava. At £389 it isn't cheap but it blows the competition away at this price. <br /><br />My garmin instinct watch is in graphite. The 45mm face isn't too big for my relatively small wrists either. In my 6 weeks of ownership it hasn't let me down once, either the gps signal or the battery.<br /><br />Link to buy £389 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/35XkDIQ">https://amzn.to/35XkDIQ</a><br /><br />Non-solar version £299 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://amzn.to/3sRURyB">https://amzn.to/3sRURyB</a><br /><br />This is what they say about the Garmin Watch:<br /><br />Instinct 2 Series, its newest addition to the popular Instinct family of purpose-built smartwatches designed with rugged individualists in mind. Built to withstand any element, the technology-driven Instinct 2 Series helps you seize the day with unlimited battery life in certain models, as well as multiple sizes, bold new colours, and Garmin’s full suite of health and wellness features such as VO2 Max and Sleep Score. <br /><br />General Features:<br /><br />General<br />LENS MATERIAL Power Glass™<br />BEZEL MATERIAL Fibre-reinforced polymer<br />CASE MATERIAL Fibre-reinforced polymer<br />QUICKFIT™ WATCH BAND COMPATIBLE Yes (22 mm)<br />STRAP MATERIAL Silicone<br />PHYSICAL SIZE 45 x 45 x 14.50 mm<br />Fits wrists with a circumference of 135-230 mm<br />DISPLAY SIZE Custom, two-window design; 0.9″ x 0.9″ (23 x 23 mm)<br />DISPLAY RESOLUTION 176 x 176 pixels<br />DISPLAY TYPE Monochrome, sunlight-visible, transflective memory-in-pixel (MIP)<br />WEIGHT 53 g<br />BATTERY LIFE <br />Smartwatch: Up to 28 days/Unlimited with solar*<br />Battery Saver Watch Mode: Up to 65 days/Unlimited with solar*<br />GPS: Up to 30 hours/48 hours with solar**<br />Max Battery GPS Mode: Up to 70 hours/370 hours with solar**<br />Expedition GPS Activity: Up to 32 days/Unlimited with solar*<br />*Solar charging, assuming all-day wear with 3 hours per day outside in 50,000 lux conditions<br />**Solar charging, assuming use in 50,000 lux conditions<br />WATER RATING 10 ATM<br />MEMORY/HISTORY 32 MB<br /><br />Health monitoring<br />WRIST-BASED HEART RATE (CONSTANT, EVERY SECOND) <br />DAILY RESTING HEART RATE <br />ABNORMAL HEART RATE ALERTS Yes (high and low)<br />RESPIRATION RATE (24X7) <br />PULSE OX BLOOD OXYGEN SATURATION Yes (spot-check, during sleep, all day)<br />FITNESS AGE <br />BODY BATTERY™ ENERGY MONITOR <br />ALL-DAY STRESS TRACKING <br />RELAXATION BREATHING TIMER <br />SLEEP <br />SLEEP SCORE AND INSIGHTS <br />HYDRATION Yes (in Garmin Connect™)<br />WOMEN'S HEALTH Yes (in Garmin Connect™)<br />HEALTH SNAPSHOT <br />Sensors<br />GPS <br />GLONASS <br />GALILEO <br />GARMIN ELEVATE™ WRIST HEART RATE MONITOR <br />BAROMETRIC ALTIMETER <br />COMPASS <br />ACCELEROMETER <br />THERMOMETER <br />PULSE OX BLOOD OXYGEN SATURATION MONITOR <br />Daily smart features<br />CONNECTIVITY Bluetooth®, ANT+®<br />CONNECT IQ™ (DOWNLOADABLE WATCH FACES, DATA FIELDS, WIDGETS AND APPS) <br />SMART NOTIFICATIONS <br />TEXT RESPONSE/REJECT PHONE CALL WITH TEXT (ANDROID™ ONLY) <br />CALENDAR <br />WEATHER <br />REALTIME SETTINGS SYNC WITH GARMIN CONNECT™ MOBILE <br />BATTERY SAVER - CUSTOMISABLE LOW POWER WATCH <br />CONTROLS SMARTPHONE MUSIC <br />FIND MY PHONE <br />FIND MY WATCH <br />VIRB® CAMERA REMOTE <br />SMARTPHONE COMPATIBILITY iPhone®, Android™<br />PAIRS WITH GARMIN GOLF APP <br />COMPATIBLE WITH GARMIN CONNECT™ MOBILE <br />GARMIN PAY™ <br />Safety and Tracking Features<br />LIVETRACK <br />INCIDENT DETECTION DURING SELECT ACTIVITIES <br />ASSISTANCE <br />Tactical features<br />DUAL GRID COORDINATES <br /><br />If you are into your hiking, backpacking and camping please SUBSCRIBE @Backpacking UK .<br /><br />Thanks, Andy.<br /><br />#garmin #watches #sport{% endraw %}
