---
title: "My Accounts Terminated By You tube Today. Arguable Copyright Infringement"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/lSoNfOyRX-Q\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "lSoNfOyRX-Q"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["M4H03287"]
date: "2022-02-04T22:36:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2010-07-14T16:54:12Z"
duration: "PT4M8S"
viewcount: "8628"
likeCount: "80"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "michaelarnold13"
---
{% raw %}EXPLANATION<br /><br />Here are the  notifications I received to my two you tube channels mikeinkorea and michaelspov<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />YOU TUBE WROTE:<br /><br />We have received copyright complaint(s) regarding material that you posted, as follows:<br /><br />from SBSi about SBS Come Back Soon Ae with Michael Arnold 마이클 아놀드 - mikeinkorea<br /><br />This is the third notification we have received alleging copyright infringement in one of your postings. Consequently, your account is subject to termination within seven (7) days of this notice. Your ability to post new videos has been suspended. Your access to your account will be completely disabled unless we receive from you a valid counter-notification disputing at least one of the claims by July 13, 2010.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />MICHAEL WROTE:<br /><br />Dear You tube team<br /><br />Yesterday i received basically the same notification from youtube about the same video on both of my youtube channels mikeinkorea and michaelspov<br /><br />I am sorry and I have since removed anything possibly in violation of your terms<br /><br />I dont want to dispute with anything,I would just like to apologize,promise not to upload anything possibly infringing or violating again and continue uploading onto my two channels<br /><br />The video(s)in question are where I appear as an actor and they are only those short portions not the episode in its entirety<br /><br />If you look you can see that among all my videos,they are just general people travel blogs<br /><br />I have also been searching since on both channels for any other possible violations in any of the videos<br /><br />Since I was warned about any previous violations,I have not uploaded anything questionable since and those videos in question were uploaded quite some time ago (years)<br /><br />I do not post for any other reason than to chronicle my life here in korea(mikeinkorea) and in canada (michaelspov)<br /><br />I have posted 1573 videos on mikeinkorea (a very substantial amount) 99% of which have always been my own content<br /><br />I have uploaded approximately 153 videos on michaelspov you tube channel of which 99% have been my own content<br /><br />I have seen some very blatant copyright violations from other users so I didn't think I was doing such harm<br /><br />my you tube accounts mikeinkorea and michaelspov are part of my daily life,they are positive for you tube and I have been an active,non violating participant since youtubes inception<br /><br />I hope you will please make an acceptation to me and my two accounts<br /><br />I have removed the content in question,I am sorry for the violation and would like to ask you to please allow me to resume my active resumption of uploading onto my two youtube channels mikeinkorea and michaelspov<br /><br />Warmest Regards<br /><br />Michael Arnold<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />YOU TUBE WROTE: <br /><br />Dear Michael,<br /><br />Thank you for your counter-notification. Based on the information you<br /><br />have provided, it appears that you do not have the necessary rights to<br /><br />post the content on YouTube. Therefore, we regretfully cannot honour<br /><br />this counter-notification. It has not been forwarded to the original<br /><br />claimant, and we will not be able to restore your video.<br /><br />We unfortunately are unable to assist further in this matter.<br /><br />Sincerely,<br /><br />The YouTube Team<br /><br /><br /><br />YOU TUBE WROTE: <br /><br />Dear Michael, Your YouTube account, and accounts linked to it, have been suspended due to repeated claims of copyright infringement. Suspended accounts cannot be reinstated. Federal law requires that we terminate accounts when there are repeated claims of copyright infringement policy<br /><br />If we receive a retraction of a claim from the original claimant, we will be able to restore that video and resolve that strike immediately. Upon the successful resolution of strikes so that you possess no more than 2 against you, your account will be reinstated. Otherwise, we cannot assist you further in this matter. <br /><br />Sincerely, <br /><br />The YouTube Team<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />My new youtube channel is<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/user/michaelarnold13">http://www.youtube.com/user/michaelarnold13</a><br /><br />I hope you will support me there{% endraw %}
