---
title: "Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight 18K Yellow Gold: Wearing The Most Luxurious Tudor Watch Of All Time"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bHAxu1gSWgU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bHAxu1gSWgU"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["luxury watch","pre-owned watch","Tim Mosso"]
date: "2022-03-27T16:58:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-29T12:00:19Z"
duration: "PT33M43S"
viewcount: "23251"
likeCount: "440"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "WatchBox Reviews"
---
{% raw %}Contact tmosso@thewatchbox.com for pricing and availability; Either I have it, or I can get it!<br /><br /><br /><br />The 2021 Tudor Black Bay Fifty-Eight 18K is the most dramatic new Tudor watch of the last two decades. As a spectacular yellow gold interpretation of Tudor’s most popular dive watch, the Black Bay Fifty Eight 18K belies its budget-friendly origins and posits a price worthy of big brother Rolex. More than a grandiose take on a blue-collar sports watch, the 18-karat Tudor Black Bay is a bold statement of upscale intent by both Tudor and watch collectors rakish enough to pull off a solid gold Tudor Black Bay.<br /><br />Tudor’s Black Bay Fifty-Eight arrived as a stainless steel model in 2018. The idea was simple; offer a vintage-inspired dive watch closer in size to the Rolex and Tudor Submariners of the 1950s that directly inspire the Black Bay collection. At 39mm in diameter and 12.7mm thick, the Black Bay Fifty-Eight became an instant hit with watch collectors. The 2021 Black Bay 18k maintains the proportions and dimensions of its blockbuster precursors, but it adds a level of opulence unknown to the Tudor watch buyers of the 1950s.<br /><br />Although inspired by the “no guard” Submariners of the 1950s like the Tudor 7922, the Black Bay 18k dispenses with retro-watch pretensions courtesy of its glowing gold case and olive green trim. The anodized aluminum bezel insert and matching matte green dial provide an ideal contrast to the blazing extroversion of the gold case and imbue this high-luxury dive watch with aesthetic balance. <br /><br />Dial features include a “chapter ring” for reading minutes and seconds as well as Tudor “Snowflake” hands that recall the Tudor “Snowflake” Submariners of the 1960s and 70s. Applied hour indices affirm that this is a vintage-inspired modern watch and not a strict re-edition. Accessories include a brown alligator leather strap with contrasting off-white stitching and a yellow gold pin buckle.<br /><br />Tudor developed manufacture caliber MT5400 specifically for the Black Bay Fifty-Eight. At 4.99mm thick and 26mm in diameter, the 5400 represents a significant reduction from the 41mm Black Bay’s MT5602’s 6.5mm x 31.8mm. Automatic winding energizes a 70-hour power reserve. The movement includes hacking seconds (stop seconds) as well as COSC Swiss chronometer certification. Tudor’s balance features a free-sprung architecture and an antimagnetic silicon hairspring. The Black Bay Fifty Eight 18K includes 200-meter water resistance.<br /><br />• A Lange &amp; Sohne Zeitwerk Minute Repeater 147.025F platinum $329,950<br />• Audemars Piguet Royal Oak Chronograph 26331IP.OO.1220I $140,000<br />o Platinum and titanium, grey and blue dial, 500 piece limited edition<br />• De Bethune DB28 Maxichrono DB28MCRZN rose gold, zirconium, chronograph<br />o Email tmosso@thewatchbox.com for pricing<br />• Grand Seiko Spring Drive 8 Day SBGD202 rose gold $37,950<br />• Grand Seiko GMT SBGM221 ivory dial, Elegance collection <br />o Not yet priced; email tmosso@thewatchbox.com for a quote<br />• Jaeger LeCoultre Master Compressor Extreme World Alarm Tourneau Edition<br />o Q177847U, wrist alarm, world time, shock resistant, quick-release lugs<br />o Not yet priced: email tmosso@thewatchbox.com for a quote<br />• Jaeger LeCoultre Grande Reverso GMT rose gold<br />o Email tmosso@thewatchbox.com for pricing<br />• Patek Philippe 5170G-001 Chronograph white gold, silver dial $69,950<br />• Romain Gauthier Logical One USA Edition MON00170 $199,950<br />o yellow gold, grand feu enamel, fusee and chain, power reserve indicator<br />• Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight 18K M79018V-0001 yellow gold, green dial $16,950<br />• Tudor Black Bay Fifty Eight 925 79010SG-0002 sterling silver, taupe dial $4,950<br />• Tudor Black Bay Ceramic METAS Master Chronometer 79210CNU-001 $6,250<br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Please subscribe to our channel for the best luxury watch reviews on YouTube: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/WatchBoxReviews/?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/WatchBoxReviews/?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br /><br /><br />Visit our website at www.thewatchbox.com for the latest pre-owned luxury watch arrivals and industry-leading value in previously loved luxury timepieces.{% endraw %}
