---
title: "Devices and Desires by PD James | BBC RADIO DRAMA"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Fk520GPkVCc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Fk520GPkVCc"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Devices and Desires PD James BBC RADIO DRAMA","BBC RADIO DRAMA"]
date: "2022-02-03T05:26:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-30T04:00:03Z"
duration: "PT2H57M2S"
viewcount: "11021"
likeCount: "165"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Thinking Out Loud..."
---
{% raw %}Devices and Desires by PD James | BBC RADIO DRAMA - A full-cast dramatisation of the novel by P D James, dramatised in six parts by Neville Teller.<br /><br />Six episodes of approx 30 minutes each in high quality MP3.<br /><br />Robin Ellis plays Commander Adam Dalgliesh in this BBC Radio 4 full-cast dramatisation. The Commander is on the trail of a serial killer who has been creating a climate of mounting fear in the small community of Larksoken on the desolate Norfolk coast.<br /><br />Episode 1:<br />----------<br />A serial killer has claimed four victims and created a climate of fear in the small community of Larksoken on the Norfolk coast. Staying nearby, Adam Dalgliesh is drawn into contact both with the local population and the investigating team.<br /><br />Episode 2:<br />----------<br />The Norfolk serial killer known as `the Whistler' has claimed his fifth victim. The investigation intensifies, as does Adam Dalgliesh's involvement with the case when he makes a grisly discovery.<br /><br />Episode 3:<br />----------<br />The corpse found by Adam Dalgliesh looks to be another victim of the `the Whistler', but a surprising twist in the hunt for the Norfolk serial killer casts doubt over the murderer's identity. Dalgliesh's unwilling involvement with investigations looks to be far from over.<br /><br />Episode 4:<br />----------<br />The hunt for `The Whistler' is over, but Hilary Robarts's killer is still at large and Adam Dalgliesh is unwillingly helping out with investigations. At Larksoken power station, Jonathan's suspicions have been aroused by Caroline.<br /><br />Episode 5:<br />----------<br />The killer of Hilary Robarts is still at large, and Adam Dalgliesh is unwillingly helping out with investigations. Meanwhile, Jonathan's relationship with Caroline takes a turn for the worse.<br /><br />Episode 6:<br />----------<br />The murder of Hilary Robarts is proving difficult to solve, even with Adam Dalgliesh's help. A dramatic incident at sea would seem to provide the police with the answers they seek, but Dalgliesh is not so sure.<br /><br />***I AM NOT RESPONSIBLE FOR THE ADS!!!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/vutevtbcxVY">https://youtu.be/vutevtbcxVY</a><br /><br />WHY MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL WAS BANNED - AGAIN!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/rCzeUl3pGXw">https://youtu.be/rCzeUl3pGXw</a><br /><br />TUBEBUDDY, YOUR ROAD TO SUCCESS <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://tubebuddy.com/Thinkingoutloud">https://tubebuddy.com/Thinkingoutloud</a><br /><br />BUY ME A COFFEE<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ko-fi.com/ThinkingOutLoud">https://ko-fi.com/ThinkingOutLoud</a><br /><br />For copyright matters, please contact me at biz.thinkingoutloud@gmail.com<br /><br />Thanks.{% endraw %}
