---
title: "Brutal And Terrific Moments Of Animals Being Defeated In Battle For Food"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wyd6kea1la0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wyd6kea1la0"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["new","viral","Brutal And Terrific Moments Of Animals Being Defeated In Battle For Food"]
date: "2022-03-23T04:29:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-21T12:08:13Z"
duration: "PT16M28S"
viewcount: "18300"
likeCount: "82"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Brilliant"
---
{% raw %}When predators are on the hunt, there are usually other animals in the area looking for <br />opportunities. Have you ever seen hyenas steal kills from predators? How do you think vultures <br />would react if they were challenged by a jackal? If you want to see some heated moments in the <br />bush, keep watching, as we look at brutal and terrific moments of animals being defeated in <br />the battle for food.<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ►  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/UpeqAc">https://goo.gl/UpeqAc</a> <br /><br />Watch our “Incredible Hunting Skills Of Foxes In The Wild”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/XQVwPHdDgbc">https://youtu.be/XQVwPHdDgbc</a><br />Watch our “Amazing And Brutal Hunting Moments By Primates”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/6-uoMJse5Zc">https://youtu.be/6-uoMJse5Zc</a><br />Watch our “The Incredible Power Of Herbivores And Their Battling Skills”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/vm6G0WVesX0">https://youtu.be/vm6G0WVesX0</a><br /><br />Vultures Gang Up On Cheetahs<br /><br />When cheetahs make a kill, they must hurry to eat their food, because they never know when <br />other predators or scavengers such as lions and hyenas might move in. In this video, however, a <br />wake of vultures approaches and scares the cheetah family away, feasting on the carcass way <br />before their usual time. The vultures didn't give the unlucky Cheetahs much time to eat their lunch before moving in and finishing it quickly. <br /><br />Videos from my visits to South Africa's Kruger National Park. Another cheetah is being challenged by vultures, and it just isn’t able to fend them off because there are way too many of them. The cheetah must abdicate and leave. These three cheetahs are trying to eat as fast as they can before a wake of 50 vultures takes over. Cheetahs must deal with such challenges after they make a kill because they are not big cats and the vultures in high numbers become overwhelming quickly.<br /><br />Jackal Fights Vultures<br /><br />Black-backed jackals are opportunists who make for exciting viewing as they loiter around <br />killings looking for scraps. While vultures aren't everyone's favorite bird, they may be <br />entertaining and serve a function. As they fight for a meal, jackals and vultures can be a lot of <br />fun to watch. A Grant's gazelle had just been murdered by a cheetah. A jackal waited nearby and <br />began feeding. After the vultures had taken over, a second jackal entered and had to struggle for <br />its share of the spoils. Everyone got to eat after a few skirmishes. <br /><br />These vultures surround a lone jackal to get a piece of the carcass. The jackal tries to fend them off, but the scavengers wait for their turn and pull some of the carcasses their way. The jackal ends up with a small piece and charges the vultures whenever he feels threatened by the big birds. There is a constant rivalry between the birds and the jackals if you haven’t noticed yet. A stand-off between a few vultures and two jackals doesn’t amount to much, except for a few challenges, really, about nothing. I guess these two meet often and sometimes they probably just chat about old times when they fought for a carcass in the past.<br /><br />For copyright matters please contact <br /><br />Background Music:  Kevin MacLeod (incompetech.com) Licensed under Creative Commons: By Attribution 3.0 License: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/">https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/</a><br /><br />Thank you so much for watching! Smash that like button for more, make sure you share the video with your friends and don't forget to subscribe!{% endraw %}
