---
title: "7 Best Passive Income Ideas | Make $100 a Day Fast"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CfsUAIP5KrY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CfsUAIP5KrY"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["passive income ideas","passive income ideas 2022","passive income"]
date: "2022-04-28T00:35:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-26T17:45:00Z"
duration: "PT16M27S"
viewcount: "25972"
likeCount: "534"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Let's Talk Money! with Joseph Hogue, CFA"
---
{% raw %}It is the PERFECT time to start making passive income and I’ve found seven passive income ideas for cash flow every month! Want dividends to create your passive income? Check out this simple dividend portfolio for cash flow! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/V3kXlKUMlkM">https://youtu.be/V3kXlKUMlkM</a> <br /><br />In this video, I’ll share seven passive income ideas, four of which nobody is even talking about and three that I use to make thousands a month. I’ll reveal how to get started in each, how much you can expect to make and how to make money with as little work as possible! <br /><br />Step-by-Step to My First Passive Income Stream with Self-Publishing <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ieDTaSUP9SY">https://youtu.be/ieDTaSUP9SY</a><br /><br />Need Cash NOW and can’t wait? Check out these 7 Side Hustles to get you started! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/nsi1_KeGHpU">https://youtu.be/nsi1_KeGHpU</a><br /><br />I’ll also reveal why a lot of the passive income videos you see are so misleading and why people fail at their income dreams so make sure you stick around for that! Nation, you see way too many videos here on YouTube promising you easy money or completely passive income with no investment or time, promises of making thousands even tens of thousands a week …and it’s all a scam!<br /><br />I know the idea of passive income, money you make with no work, is the goal but let’s be honest…anything you do to make money is going to take one of three things.<br /><br />It’s either a business you put in the time and work to set up, that runs itself afterwards. You invest in a business that’s already set up and can run itself. Or it’s a business you get started and need to spend very little time keeping the cash flow going on your schedule. <br /><br />Now the last three passive income ideas I’ll be sharing are of that first kind, where you spend just a little time to get them started and they’ll run themselves as completely passive cash flow. And I understand that’s what most people want when they think ‘passive income’ but the real opportunity is in a combination of those other two types; starting a business that is going to help you make money on your schedule whenever you want. Do not avoid some of these passive income ideas just because they require a little work to get started. They WILL change your life!<br /><br />0:00 Best Passive Income Ideas 2022<br />1:22 Best Online Passive Income Idea<br />2:40 Passive Income with Online Mastermind Groups<br />3:54 Is Passive Income Really Passive?<br />4:22 3 Types of Passive Income<br />5:58 How to Create Passive Income with Etsy or Shopify<br />8:29 A Passive Income Idea that Made Me $4000<br />10:18 Why Passive Income Investing Doesn't Count<br />11:56 My First Passive Income Stream<br />14:31 I Make $10,000+ a Month with This Passive Income Idea<br /><br />🤑  Get The Weekly Bow-Tie - my FREE weekly email newsletter sharing market updates, trends and the most important news! Market Updates for the Smart Investor! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mystockmarketbasics.com/dailybowtie">https://mystockmarketbasics.com/dailybowtie</a><br /><br />SUBSCRIBE to create the financial future you deserve with videos on beating debt, making more money and making your money work for you. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mystockmarketbasics.com/LetsTalkMoney">https://mystockmarketbasics.com/LetsTalkMoney</a> <br /><br />Joseph Hogue, CFA spent nearly a decade as an investment analyst for institutional firms and banks. He now helps people understand their financial lives through debt payoff strategies, investing and ways to save more money. He has appeared on Bloomberg and on sites like CNBC and Morningstar. He holds the Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation and is a veteran of the Marine Corps.{% endraw %}
