---
title: "15 Merciless Hunters And How Far They Are Willing To Go To Infuse Their Hunger"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/d4zF1K08nFU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "d4zF1K08nFU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["15 MERCILESS HUNTERS AND HOW FAR THEY ARE WILLING TO GO TO INFUSE THEIR HUNGER","animals","leopard"]
date: "2022-05-30T18:24:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-28T11:00:20Z"
duration: "PT13M46S"
viewcount: "30273"
likeCount: "289"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}When animals are hungry, they will stop at nothing to find a meal. Have you ever seen a  roadrunner hammer a squirrel on the ground? Do you think a cheetah is tough enough to scare a  wildebeest mom away from her calf? If you want to see some amazing action, stick around, as we countdown 15 merciless hunters and how far they are willing to go to infuse their hunger. <br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “15 Cruel And Brutal Moments When Animals Tried Stealing Food”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/jZTJ1koc0qw">https://youtu.be/jZTJ1koc0qw</a><br />Watch our “15 Different Species Of Spiders Hunting And Living In The Wild”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/mFBdrraJmeA">https://youtu.be/mFBdrraJmeA</a><br />Watch our “15 Amazing Bird Moms Hunting And Feeding Their Offspring”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/9DuoehiZDz8">https://youtu.be/9DuoehiZDz8</a><br /><br />Peregrine Falcon Takes Down Heron<br /><br />Peregrine falcons are known for their attacks in mid-air and here is another example when a  peregrine falcon chases a blue heron and attacks it in flight, knocking the much larger blue heron to the ground. This small falcon is an unbelievable hunter and you can see what I mean, just by looking at the size of the blue heron he has just killed on the fly.  <br /><br />In this slow-motion video, you can see clearly how the peregrine falcon latches on to the heron in mid-air to take it down. The falcon weighs in at 1000 grams while the heron is 2500 grams.  That’s more than twice the size of the falcon. I guess when you have that killer instinct, size is not an issue.  A peregrine falcon sits on a heron after killing it. This falcon is a fierce and efficient predator,  and he has the skills to prove it. <br /><br />Dogs Catching Wild Boar<br /><br />These hunters use four dogs to chase a wild boar, as they follow the wild boar in their vehicle.  When the dogs finally catch up to the boar, they struggle to take it down.  The owners of these dogs let the puppies out on their own to see how they would do without the older dogs. They lined up a small hog and got some practice for the upcoming fall hunting season. One of the dog’s handlers can be seen grabbing one of his dogs. The other dogs just bark at the small hog. These dogs corner a wild boar, but the boar charges the dogs down a hill and into the water. <br /><br />The dogs are relentless, but the wild boar is no pushover and gives the dogs a run for their money.  He uses the riverbank to protect his backside and confronts the dogs on three fronts, before trying to flank one of them. The dogs end up jumping on the animal, trying to take it down, but the video cuts off and we don’t see the outcome of the fight.  These seasoned dogs chase and hunt a hog in this video as the younger pups watch and take notes. The more experienced dogs don’t waste any time killing the hog.{% endraw %}
