---
title: "Your Progressed Ascendant and Sun in Astrology  How to be SUCCESSFUL and HAPPY in life"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/SdJm0KEUZjM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "SdJm0KEUZjM"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["astrology","evolutionary astrology","birth chart"]
date: "2022-01-30T22:20:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-12T02:18:19Z"
duration: "PT1H37M3S"
viewcount: "3746"
likeCount: "227"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Yuliya Ponomareva"
---
{% raw %}My astrology course is now available!!! (Absolute beginners are welcome) <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://coursecraft.net/courses/z913Q/splash">https://coursecraft.net/courses/z913Q/splash</a><br /><br />Share this video with friends, comment and subscribe!<br />Many of you know your rising (ascendant) and sun and learn about it to understand your personality better. Did you know that planets in your chart don't stay in the same place? Your chart keeps on moving just like everything else in this world. It takes about one year for a degree to progress. So if I was born Scorpio rising at 15 degrees, in about 15-17 years I will become a Sagittarius rising and it will define the evolution of my soul much more than the rising sign I was born with. Same applies to all other planets in my chart, but keep in mind that they all move at a different speed, so using an astrology calculator or software to properly compute them is highly suggested. For now just focus on finding your progressed Sun, Moon and Rising. I am born Taurus Sun (now progressed Gemini), Scorpio rising (now progressed Sag rising), Virgo moon late degree (now progressed Scorpio moon FML lol) <br />What I found in my personal research is that if we embrace the qualities of our progressed placements, we find ourselves go through life with much more ease and enjoy life more. To calculate your progressions (focus on Sun, Moon, Rising), watch this video or go to astro.com and find your extended chart with progressions to the current date. This will tell you A LOT about where you are at in life NOW and which qualities you need to embrace in order to live your &quot;best life&quot;. Once you found your progressions, click on the time stamp and listen to that part of the video. Share your stories in the comments, if you like this video, don't forget to hit like and subscribe to my channel for my astrology videos. <br /><br />Intro: 00:00<br />About progressed placements and why are they important: 1:02<br />My Success Story and how I've overcome my difficulties: 2:36 (my progressed ascendant is Sag)<br />How to calculate it (tutorial)  8:02<br />Scorpio (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Sag) 9:26<br />Sagittarius (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Capricorn) 17:40<br />Capricorn (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Aquarius) 23:40<br />Aquarius (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Pisces) 30:56 <br />Pisces (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Aries) 38:38<br />Aries (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Taurus) 43:48<br />Taurus (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Gemini) 49:38<br />Gemini (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Cancer) 55:15 <br />Cancer (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Leo) 1:03:25 <br />Leo (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Virgo) 1:10:46 <br />Virgo  (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Libra) 1:17:12<br />Libra (progressed Ascendant or Sun in Scorpio) 1:26:15<br />Outro : 1:35:47{% endraw %}
