---
title: "The EPIC Endgame Finale - Strength and Cardio Workout | Day 50"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Jgm6QYWYY3E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Jgm6QYWYY3E"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["epic endgame","epic finale","caroline girvan"]
date: "2022-03-15T11:30:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-13T05:00:12Z"
duration: "PT50M7S"
viewcount: "100231"
likeCount: "6394"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Caroline Girvan"
---
{% raw %}Strength, endurance, power, balance, co-ordination, isometrics…. Plus more! So many ways of training we love all in this workout! <br /><br />A full body workout packed with variety! Aside from 5 sets throughout of sumo deadlifts squats, each superset is different! <br /><br />Remember to make this your own workout! Change foot position, jump higher than me, leave out the jumping if it occurs, or have your entire selection of dumbbells nearby to switch it up as you wish! <br /><br />I typically aim to have 1 pair of dumbbells, maximum 2 pairs. This is to primarily show you that you don’t need a huge range of dumbbells to do these workouts, but it does help! <br /><br />During many of the supersets, we will be starting with 2 dumbbells and dropping to bodyweight or just the 1 dumbbell!<br /><br />It’s a bodyweight finisher!<br /><br />And what better way to celebrate our journey than 100 chest to floor burpees!<br /><br />This is a test of determination more than anything else. No matter if you aim for 25, 50 or 100, persevering to reach that number requires so much.<br /><br />Simply leave out the jump at the top if you prefer to not jump and set a goal in your mind. 25, 50, or 100 reps will be a challenge! <br /><br />Ensure you use the arms to lower yourself to the floor with control. Yes, on camera it may look like I’m throwing myself down but I am suing my arms each rep to lower so to minimise impact. Then using arms again to assist getting back up! <br /><br />I pause at certain points through the reps to catch my breathe and reset! <br /><br />The timer will be on for 45 seconds of work per exercise, straight into the next exercise for 45 seconds before we have 30 seconds rest!<br /><br />The dumbbells I am using are 2 x 9 kg however I also use 1 x 25 kg for the sumo deadlifts squats!<br /><br />Low impact alternatives are provided for any movements involving jumping!<br /><br />SUMO DEADLIFT SQUAT<br />SUMO JUMPS<br /><br />SQUAT THEN PRESS<br />SQUAT TO PRESS<br /><br />MAKER<br />SPRAWL<br /><br />HEEL ELEVATED SQUATS x2 DUMBBELLS<br />BODYWEIGHT 1/2 REPS<br /><br />SUMO DEADLIFT SQUAT<br />SQUAT WALK<br /><br />PUSH PRESS<br />CLEAN TO PRESS<br /><br />LUNGE<br />JUMPING LUNGE (same side)<br /><br />LUNGE (switch side)<br />JUMPING LUNGE (same side)<br /><br />SUMO DEADLIFT SQUAT<br />BODYWEIGHT RDL TO SUMO<br /><br />SUPINE ROW<br />RENEGADE ROW<br /><br />RDL TO HIGH SQUAT<br />SQUAT BURPEE<br /><br />PARTIALS <br />JUMPING JACKS<br /><br />SUMO DEADLIFT SQUAT<br />BODYWEIGHT 1/2 REPS<br /><br />RDL TO LUNGE<br />BODYWEIGHT LUNGE TO BALANCE RDL<br /><br />RDL TO LUNGE (switch side)<br />BODYWEIGHT LUNGE TO BALANCE RDL<br /><br />TRICEP PUSH UPS<br />COBRA PUSH UPS<br /><br />SUMO DEADLIFT SQUAT<br />SUMO HOLD w / CALF RAISE<br /><br />FINISHER!<br /><br />100 x CHEST TO FLOOR BURPEES!<br /><br />As you know, every workout has been my REAL workout. We have worked hard together. I don’t pick ‘perfect’ cuts to share, I simply hit record and share it with you. And it’s all real time! In fact there have been funny moments when I have performed 2 sets of lunges on the same side!😆  And one of my children’s balloons popped into the camera due to the fan blowing! 😆<br /><br />And I absolutely am apprehensive starting sometimes as I know it’s going to be tough but within a few minutes I relax into it as I know you do too, with some workouts more than others such as EMOM or a push up workout!<br /><br />This workout encompasses everything we have achieved together. <br /><br />What I hope for you to have gained the most is that inner confidence. We are all different in many ways. And that is what makes us individually so special and unique. We all have weaknesses and strengths too. And each day we are striving to be the best that we can be.<br /><br />Do this, don’t do that, do it this way, this is the best way… do it YOUR way!<br /><br />And I hope you take a little bit of EPIC with you. <br /><br />We are EPIC!<br /><br />And thank you. <br /><br />Cx<br /><br />My 5 Min EPIC Warm Up Routine: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/JOoIsy8SX4c">https://youtu.be/JOoIsy8SX4c</a><br />My Private Facebook Group: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://facebook.com/groups/carolinegirvan">https://facebook.com/groups/carolinegirvan</a><br />My Instagram: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/carolinegirvan">https://instagram.com/carolinegirvan</a><br />My Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://carolinegirvan.com">https://carolinegirvan.com</a><br /><br />Disclaimer: If you are new to exercise or planning on embarking on a new fitness programme, you should consult your physician. This video may offer health, fitness or nutritional information and is meant for educational purposes only. This information is not meant as an alternative to seeking professional medical advice or suggested treatment. Please know that performing any exercise or programme is solely at your own risk.{% endraw %}
