---
title: "5 Reasons Car Enthusiasts Quit Liking Cars!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IJjY42sPbpo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IJjY42sPbpo"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Why People Quit Liking Cars","Stupid Things Car Guys Say","Car Guys vs. Non-Car guys"]
date: "2022-06-10T19:24:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-03T16:00:20Z"
duration: "PT15M"
viewcount: "108490"
likeCount: "7153"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Bladed Angel"
---
{% raw %}5 Reasons Car Enthusiasts Quit Liking Cars. Ego and Status. People say they aren’t in it for either of these things, but that already is the first admittance factor to it.  If you like cars, you like cars, if you have to constantly remind yourself it’s not for clout, chances are, it was about Clout. This can manifest in constantly changing vehicles for the sake of getting the new dopamine hit of Audience’s congratulating you.  The Endless Rat Race (Constantly Upgrading)<br />People need to realize the beauty of keeping one car. I’m not saying you can’t change cars, but you should find that one car that you just absolutely adore and hold onto, so even when you buy new cars, you find yourself keeping that one still.<br />Why spend 200% more on a Car than only makes me feel 10% better?<br />If Spending 5x less on another hobby makes make me 2x as happy. Then that’s a net gain of 10x happiness.  Be careful though, playing video games, especially car focused ones, will only further exacerbate any burnout.  Find a genuinely different hobby, one that exists in a realm separate from cars.  <br /><br />SUPER SECRET SIXTH REASON<br />You live in a horribly inefficient Car Centric City like Atlanta, Georgia and truly miss the Trains of Indy, Purdue and Chicago where you grew up around. Even as a 10 year old Kid, I could go to Pennsylvania or New York and visit my Sister. those trains aren't even good by Worldwide Standards, but it's way better than the garbage here in ATL and really the South of US in general. My Mind is becoming numb to living here, but I'm not going to wait decades for train infrastructure to appear or for Bicycle Lanes to be mades...so I bought a Honda Supercub. Turns out, you CAN buy Happiness. And it's not a $300K+ Lamborghini.  It's a $3749 Honda. 188MPG, 10HP, and 65MPH Top Speed, this little Moped is my ticket through American Suburbia Hell. I'd love to share my love for efficient personal transport in the coming videos, as to whether people want me to evolve? We'll see. <br />This is the biggest change I've gone through, one I didn't expect to go through. That's what makes it beautiful.  Every other &quot;Major Change&quot; in my career felt artificially forced, like trying to vlog out of nowhere, or putting a Massive Anime Decal on a Car, or trying to force myself to put mods on it to go FaST.  Trying to buy a Supercar last year numbed my brain so much, you could even say that Burnout is still lasting until even now.  So this Change came naturally, one of turning tides. I realized my Future Career doesn't lie in being yet another Cookie Cutter Supercar Vlogger. Turns out, one of the best vehicles money can buy, is one no American even wants to try. Looking at the current gas prices, I think they'll soften up to it though :)<br /><br />MY INSTAGRAM!  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/bladed_angel">https://www.instagram.com/bladed_angel</a><br />MY TIK TOK! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.tiktok.com/@bladed__angel?lang=en">https://www.tiktok.com/@bladed__angel?lang=en</a><br />MY TWITTER!  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/Bladed__Angel">https://twitter.com/Bladed__Angel</a><br /><br />DISCLAIMER:<br />Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing.&quot;<br />The materials are used for illustrative and exemplification reasons, also quoting in order to recombine elements to make a new work.{% endraw %}
