---
title: "1111 Hz Spiritual Protection & Angelic Healing | Angel Number Frequency Energy | Meditation Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/X3TM6Pvgi40\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "X3TM6Pvgi40"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["inner lotus music","chakrahealingmusic","1111 angel number"]
date: "2022-03-04T06:16:47+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-11-11T10:11:14Z"
duration: "PT1H11M11S"
viewcount: "317225"
likeCount: "7882"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Inner Lotus Music"
---
{% raw %}The frequency of 1111Hz - also called “Angel Number frequency” or “frequency of angels” - helps to tune into the present moment and the spiritual Love and protection that is available to you at any time, wherever you are and wherever you go. This frequency is here for you as a spiritual shelter, protected by your guardian angel, your spirit guide, or however you call your own spiritual source. A loving care, a protecting hand. <br /><br />If you enjoy my music and would like to support me, please subscribe to my channel 💖 <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hVOGj2apTeEvc49CrjQlg?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hVOGj2apTeEvc49CrjQlg?sub_confirmation=1</a> <br />and hit the 🔔 to turn on notifications and receive the latest Inner Lotus Music! <br /><br />The music in this video is an original 1111 Hz Angel Number frequency composition and has not been artificially tuned to the frequency of 1111Hz afterwards. I am convinced that, composing 1111 Hz music in its original frequency, will lead to better results when it comes to deploying the positive spiritual energy of this particular Angel Number frequency. <br /><br />According to numerology, the number 11 is a “Master number”. It signifies intuition, insight, and enlightenment, while 1 itself stands for creation, leadership, and manifestation. When paired together, 11 11 is perceived as a message from the Universe to become conscious and aware. The Angel Number 1111 encourages us to step out of our comfort zone and grow spiritually, mentally and emotionally, while providing us with all the protection we need. <br /><br />Seeing 11 11 may signify that your spirit guides are attempting to contact you. 11 11 is also said to be the number of spiritual awakening, meaning that you are on the right path and your actions are aligned with your soul’s purpose. In other words: Seeing 11 11 is a good sign! 😊  An energetic gate is being opened in which you can experience spiritual awakening and growth.<br /><br />If you keep seeing 11 11, you are probably undergoing a process of spiritual awakening. You are on the right path and you’re being assisted by your spirit guides and the Universe to consciously grow and expand. Pay attention, be aware, and remember to stay grounded in the present moment!<br /><br />Each angelic number is linked to its corresponding angelic frequency. Each frequency exists with a purpose and can help you in different stages of your life. Whether you are feeling weak, uncertain or in need of strength to carry on with your current plans and projects, there is a different frequency that can help you. Angel Number frequencies also help to engage more deeply in the mystery and wonder of existence. Understanding, that there is an “Intelligence” much greater than ours at play and there is much more around us, than we are able to perceive or even imagine.<br /><br />The 1111 Hz Angel Number frequency can help you connect with your spiritual guide, your guardian angel, or however you call your own spiritual source. It facilitates and enables you to ask for spiritual guidance, protection and Energy. In exchange, your guardian angel will shine his divine light upon you. This will help you in ways you might not understand at first, but it will all come together eventually.<br /><br />The frequency of 1111 Hz helps to tune into the present moment and the spiritual love and guidance that is always available to you. Receive this 1111 Hz Angel Number Frequency meditation music as spiritual love and shelter from your guardian angel, your spirit guide, a loving care, a protecting hand.<br /><br />Feel free to listen to this originally composed 1111 Hz spiritual protection &amp; angelic healing Angel Number frequency for spiritual meditation with headphones or - if you prefer - just let this 1111Hz Angel Number frequency flow through open space. As long as it is positive for you, it will be positive for your body and soul. <br /><br />If you would like to support Inner Lotus Music and receive notifications about forthcoming releases, please subscribe here: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hVOGj2apTeEvc49CrjQlg?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC-hVOGj2apTeEvc49CrjQlg?sub_confirmation=1</a> <br />and hit the 🔔 <br /><br />Thank you from the bottom of my heart 💖 <br />Respectfully yours, <br />Pierre Ynad <br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />This 1111 Hz meditation music was composed with Love in the Angel Number frequency of 1111Hz and can also be used for spiritual meditation, 1111Hz meditation, 1111Hz relaxation, as 1111Hz background Music, as 1111Hz sleep music and for all activities that benefit from 1111Hz Angel Number frequency meditation music. <br /><br />Please do not listen to the music on this channel whilst driving or operating machinery of any kind! Although this music can help you to relax, meditate and sleep, it is not taking the place of professional medical and/or therapeutic advice and/or treatment. <br /><br />Music composed and produced by Pierre Ynad <br />Copyright ⓒ 2020 Inner Lotus Music ™. All rights reserved. <br /><br />#innerlotusmusic #spiritualhealingmusic #chakrahealingmusic  1111hzmusic, 1111 hz angel number frequency, 1111 hz spiritual hug of angel, 1111 angel number, 1111 hz frequency, 1111 hz angelic healing music, 1111 hz pure tone{% endraw %}
