---
title: "Part 1: Into the Danger Zone"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Db8D6WeYORg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Db8D6WeYORg"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["A&FP","Abandoned","Forgotten"]
date: "2022-06-06T03:19:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-04T14:00:10Z"
duration: "PT40M19S"
viewcount: "13194"
likeCount: "1474"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Abandoned and Forgotten Places"
---
{% raw %}On this episode I head back to the huge Tungsten Mine to climb the ladders and explore it's stopes.  <br /><br />This episodes musical selections:<br /><br />Channel Intro: The Division - Adriel Fair<br /><br />To all the Glory - Howard Harper-Barnes<br />Fire and Bones - Biddy Sullivan<br />Maximum State - Ethan Sloan<br />On Alert - Etan Sloan<br /><br />Channel Outro: Between Worlds - Adriel Fair<br /><br /><br />Abandoned &amp; Forgotten Places<br />Documenting mines like never before.<br /><br />Let's take abandoned mine exploring to the next level!<br /><br />With your support you can help make this the best abandoned mine exploring channel on YouTube!<br /><br />For Quality T-Shirts and Hoodies go here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://teespring.com/stores/abandoned-forgotten-places">https://teespring.com/stores/abandoned-forgotten-places</a><br /><br />Own a Piece of the Show and Bid on Something Super Cool!! <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ebay.com/usr/hidden.treasures.abound">https://www.ebay.com/usr/hidden.treasures.abound</a><br /><br />Leave a Tip in our Awesome Tip Jar :)<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&amp;hosted_button_id=UJSCEQZXJP482&amp;source=url">https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&amp;hosted_button_id=UJSCEQZXJP482&amp;source=url</a><br /><br /><br />Welcome, and thank you for stopping by our channel!<br />Shot almost entirely in 4K! ...so turn up those video settings!<br /><br />On this channel we go deep... REALLY deep into abandoned tunnels and mines all throughout the western United States. We researched some of the harder to find mines and hike back into them to explore and reveal their hidden secrets. Some of these remote locations are filled with cool artifacts, antiques and unique geology that will have you guessing as to why the old prospectors worked so hard to find gold, silver and other minerals. <br /><br />A&amp;FP moves just a bit slower. We discuss why the miners chose these sites and we try to point out the geology and minerals that got them excited. Veins of quartz filled with gold and silver made many men loose sleep in the 1800’s and early 1900’s and modern prospecting still does to this very day. <br /><br />Dangers? Oh yes, there are allot of dangers associated with old mines. Un-exploded dynamite, blasting caps, bad air, bats, spiders and snakes all find there home in abandoned mines, shafts and tunnels. Oh, and let’s not forget rotting timbers, flooding and collapsing rock! <br /><br />We take abandoned mine exploring seriously with all the proper safety equipment, training and experience necessary to do this activity as safe as possible but that doesn’t mean we can’t have a bit of fun along the way. “Gly” and his band of crazy characters “Old Bob”, “Quackers” and “Bobbie” are sure to brighten your day with there comments and silly antics. Heck, they may even give you a chuckle or two.<br /><br />Just like Saturday morning cartoons before the internet was invented, Abandoned and Forgotten Places uploads each Saturday at 7:00AM PST.(that’s 10:00AM for you eastern folks) so don’t forget to click that bell icon to receive notifications of new episodes!<br /><br />P.S. Please LIKE, SHARE and SUBSCRIBE! Your support helps us find new locations and helps put fuel into “Old Bobs” tank. Old Bob thanks you!<br /> <br />Ok, now for the ugly stuff...<br /><br />*WARNING*<br />Abandoned mines and ruined structures have many hazards and can severely injure or even kill you. Do not attempt to copy or re-enact situations or scenarios seen in this video.    Stay Out and Stay Alive.<br /><br />*NOTICE*<br />This video and all commentary therein including comments by the viewer is for entertainment purposes only and not intended to be instructional. <br /><br />Whew! You made it this far? Good for you!<br />Now enjoy the show!{% endraw %}
