---
title: "Billions Of Comrades - Our Hours feat. Mike Watt [Official Music Video]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/t1bhQxaWX58\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "t1bhQxaWX58"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Billions of Comrades","mathrock","music video"]
date: "2022-02-24T17:25:40+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-26T14:19:12Z"
duration: "PT5M55S"
viewcount: "8041"
likeCount: "37"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Billions Of Comrades"
---
{% raw %}Billions Of Comrades - Our Hours feat. Mike Watt<br />Recorded at Koko Studio - Liège by Laurent Eyen<br />Produced and mixed by Laurent Eyen<br />Mastered by Peter Beckmann<br /><br />LYRICS /<br /><br />Our Hours<br /><br />I see the fuses shutting down from town to town<br />I ain't gonna start a riot. Are you ?<br />I ain't gonna shoplift precious stuff<br />During these hours, feathers get heavier<br /><br />I need to run, there is nobody. Are we still ?<br />I need some fun, there's no more parties How d'ya feel ?<br /><br />What the fuck have we here?<br />This place's way too crazy<br />Us the villains ? Cause we started as friends ? Are we still ?<br />Gentle and sweet from scratch. <br />Empathy for the devil.<br />Start to speak as equals, first tip!<br />And sort it out for the brave and the kids!<br /><br />Our Hours<br /><br />I need to run, there is nobody. Are we still ?<br />I need some fun, there's no more parties How d'ya feel ?<br /><br />The control freak is killing my flow. Pull over ! <br />I'll dare more till this times brings the breeze<br />I'll dare more till the mind breaks free<br />I'll dare more, I'll dare more <br /><br />What the fuck have we here?<br />This place's way too crazy<br />Us the villains ? Cause we started as friends ? Are we still ?<br />Gentle and sweet from scratch. <br />Empathy for the devil.<br />Start to speak as equals, first tip!<br />And sort it out for the brave and the kids!<br /><br />I need to run, there is nobody. Are we still ?<br />I need some fun, there is no parties How d'ya feel ?<br /><br />During these hours, our hours<br />We have a basic need to feel trust instead of oppression<br />But we definitely don’t need to succomb to the Manichean reflex, <br />Illegal or scared we’re in the same boat and we always prefere empathic neighbors than peeping tom.<br /><br />Civic disobedience became the only answer that we have left and we must be able to be heard, to find a democratic way to reach the shore together. Our hours, our hours !<br />Such an option that generates on all sides more fear, more distrust and anger as icing on the cake. Police and state violence is a clear evidence of their lack of creativity and their democratic failure. How could we drift so far, sisters and brothers witches ! <br /><br />Love &amp; bisous ! <br />Love &amp; kisses !<br /><br />CREDITS /<br /><br />Directed by Haris Pilton<br />Production assistants : Mattia Van Haver &amp; Johnathan Manzitto<br />Colorist : Damien Hendrichs<br />Makeup artist : Eliza Renzoni<br />Assistant DOP / Set design : Delphine Gilson<br />Cast : Cassandra Beyne, Mamacita, Dominette, Amy Lux, Nabil Missoumi, Galou Thienpont, Gil Mortio, Olivier Ghyselinck, Quentin Coeckelberghs, Chris Thienpont, Arnaud Larcier, Damien Hendrichs, Johnathan Manzitto<br /><br />Angèle Plaut, Martine Plaut, Toma Luzorgues, Florian Gossens, Sylvain Gossens, Alain Roland, Valèrie Bucken, Julien Paquet, Sarah Gaillat, Yannis Soupart, Violette Penasse, Leslie Dang, Julia Ghyselinck, Rebecca Larcier, Sabrina Gauthier, Pierre Betz, Morgan Thibaut, Paros &amp; Louky, Stéphanie Gillard, Agathe Coeckelberghs, Marcel Coeckelberghs, Gaëlle Devergifosse, Louise Hendrichs, Gaston Hendrichs, Catherine Geeroms, Diane Van Antwerpen, Bernard Van Antwerpen, Vincent Gérard, Giovanni Manzitto, Jef Wauthier, Tiphaine Van Renterghem, Joseph Adam, Suzie Adam, Marisette Adam, Pauline Stenuit, Simon Lisart, Edgard Lambu, Maélik Rault, Elisa Robet, Fred Thienpont, Toun Demesmaeker, Antoine Geysens, Amandine Masuy, Basile Geysens, Luce Geysens, Marcel Geysens et Marouane-Eden Geysens.<br /><br />VERY SPECIAL THANKS TO <br />Mehdi Missoumi, Joris Oster, Dom Lairin, Olivier Bette, Gabrielle Fabry, Didier Gosset, Laetitia Roels, Quentin Coeckelberghs, Jonathan Buscarlet, Fabrice Baudour, Denis Hendrichs, Marie Agnes Meyers, Simon Lisart, Ian Manzitto, Michaela Penasse, Fabrizio Franchitti, Julien Paquet, Wivynne Gaziaux, Mattia Van Haver, Delphine Gilson, Sylvie Traisnel, Frédéric Reddmann, Coralie Detry, Fred Thienpont, Stef Vankeerbergen, Marie-Louise Iannetta, Joffrey Patriarca, Sabrina Gauthier, Hélène Many, Laurent Vangeenderhuysen, Bertrand Massart, Vinciane Hendrichs, Robert Lisart, Catherine Geeroms, Diane Geeroms, Damien Poncelet, Claire Pineux, Nicolas Gérard et Valérie Aussems, le Centre Culturel de Braine-le-comte et la Verrerie asbl.<br /><br />Huge lovely thanks to all of you!<br /><br />Want more? <br />Bandcamp / <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://billionsofcomrades.bandcamp.com">http://billionsofcomrades.bandcamp.com</a><br />Instagram / <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.instagram.com/billionsofcomrades">http://www.instagram.com/billionsofcomrades</a>{% endraw %}
