---
title: "SVU Searching For Additional Victims As Man Arrested For Multiple Sexual Assaults | 17-25590"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Gm6HprxTyHo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Gm6HprxTyHo"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["police; victoria; esquimalt; K"]
date: "2022-05-15T13:48:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-08-15T22:07:28Z"
duration: "PT3M35S"
viewcount: "619"
likeCount: "5"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "VicPD Canada"
---
{% raw %}An Esquimalt man is in custody facing four charges of sexual assault following a year-long investigation into a series of historical sexual assaults. Special Victims Unit investigators believe that there are likely more victims.<br /><br />Kit Wong, a 71-year-old Esquimalt man, faces four charges of sexual assault related to historical sexual assaults involving four women. Wong was working as an acupuncturist, massage therapist and practitioner of traditional Chinese medicine out of his home-based business in Esquimalt. Several of the incidents are reported to have occurred there between 2005 and 2006.<br /><br />Wong previously served as an officer in the Canadian Armed Forces.  Although not a member of the medical staff, he practiced traditional Chinese medicine on service members.<br /><br />Given Wong’s career with the Canadian military, his work as an instructor and practitioner of acupuncture, and traditional Chinese medicine during the time of the allegations, investigators believe that there could be more unidentified victims, both in the Esquimalt community and across Canada. Investigators believe these victims could include current and former serving members of the Canadian Armed Forces, current and former students of traditional Chinese medicine, as well as members of the wider community.<br /><br />“These alleged sexual assaults left these women feeling powerless,” Special Victims Unit Detective Graeme Leblanc said. “Our investigation indicates that Kit Wong’s position in the Canadian Armed Forces and in the community left women hurt by this man, feeling as though they could not come forward.  It doesn’t matter who the suspect is. We will listen.”<br /><br />If you are a victim or have information regarding Kit Wong that you would like to share with police, investigators are asking you to call our non-emergency line at (250) 995-7654. Alternatively, you can contact the Victoria Sexual Assault Centre at (250) 383-3232. If you are a serving member of the Canadian Armed Forces and need support you can contact the Sexual Misconduct Response Centre at 1-844-750-1678 or through your chain of command.<br /><br />To report what you know anonymously, please call Greater Victoria Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-8477.<br /><br />The Victoria Police would like to thank their partners that the Victoria Sexual Assault Centre and the Canadian Forces National Investigation Service, whose valuable contributions greatly assisted our investigators.<br /><br />Our message to survivors of sexualized violence is that we believe you.  For resources, please visit <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://vicpd.ca/webelieveyou.">https://vicpd.ca/webelieveyou.</a><br /><br />Kit Wong is considered innocent until proven guilty.                                                For more information please visit: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://vicpd.ca/node/2053">https://vicpd.ca/node/2053</a>{% endraw %}
