---
title: "【Touhou Lyrics】 Eastern Judgment in the Sixtieth Year ~ Fate of Sixty Years"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Izgmy4WK1e4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Izgmy4WK1e4"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["touhou","touhou music","touhou lyrics"]
date: "2022-04-01T13:15:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2019-05-13T16:43:17Z"
duration: "PT4M21S"
viewcount: "151141"
likeCount: "2235"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lyrica Live"
---
{% raw %}<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/lyricalive">https://www.patreon.com/lyricalive</a><br /><br />Eiki's theme. ...The supreme judge has finally brought closure to the flower incident -- with backup from a lovely fairy chorus (thanks, Lori~).  This song is the culmination of the PoFV collection, as she judges the sins of the preceding cast.  PoFV was the first game I became deeply attached to, largely because of how much fascinating character interpretation was built in to the game through Eiki's lectures.<br /><br />Despite finding Yukari clearly superior, I really do like the Yama quite a bit.  The purity of black and white? Well, I can't stand that philosophy. But... the power of words to change people's actions? There's a theme I can get behind.  Her purpose is not merely to send everyone to hell, but to warn them of their transgressions so that they DON'T go to hell when they die.<br /><br />DOWNLOAD ON MY BLOG: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://asa-turney.tumblr.com/lyrics">http://asa-turney.tumblr.com/lyrics</a><br />Touhou Project 09, Phantasmagoria of Flower View<br />Eiki Shiki, Yamaxanadu: &quot;Eastern Judgment in the Sixtieth Year ~ Fate of Sixty Years&quot;<br />Original music by ZUN.<br />English lyrics and fandub vocals by me (and Lori).<br />Art from the official art book, The Grimoire of Marisa.<br /><br />---<br /><br />“By the resounding chime of nature’s clock, you hear the time of judgment approaching.  This year is the year of rebirth, which comes upon us once every sixty years.  Combine the three lights, the four seasons, and the five phases:  Sixty is the combined number of complete nature revealed, and as such it tolls throughout the whole of nature.  In other words, nature is reborn every sixty years.  You, from this cycle, are not exempt.  At a time like this, at least begin to realize that duty you’ve long neglected.  What is the good deed you can do right now?”<br /><br />When a life turns on her fateful year,<br />Let it ring!  Oh, let the verdict ring clear…<br />As the blind actor is met in her match by the great unmoving seer…<br />(Looking back upon a lifetime of reflections gathered long in a mirror.)<br /><br />So…  Many as you are, unlike any to each…<br />Preach~  One… universal truth isn’t out of reach.<br />Go…  As the hour draws, there is so little time to teach.<br />Now…  Listen through the land for the cleansing speech.<br /><br />(Turning, turning, turning anew…)<br />And once I’ve put it into words, you may follow them through.<br /><br />Under the burden of guilt, here the liveliest flower shall wilt:<br />Tinged in its deep violet stain…<br />When color fades, black or white shall remain.<br /><br />Unwilling to turn, here the stubbornest flower shall burn:<br />Underneath these eyes, as striking and sharp as the hot-cold steel of a sword…<br />Fearing doom, yearning for reward.<br /><br />Torn…  Sooner, later, plucked by the frail short stem…<br />For them…  My duty at hand is but to condemn.<br />Born…  Already in debt for the freedom to live…<br />Still… counting on another hand to forgive.<br /><br />(Under the burden of guilt, here the liveliest flower shall wilt.<br />Underneath these eyes, as striking and sharp as the hot-cold steel of a sword…<br />Fearing doom, yearning for reward.)<br /><br />    Too concealing, cold and unfeeling;  too hot-headed, lying and stealing.<br />    Too confusing, selfishly choosing;  too much pride, you can’t fathom losing.<br />    Too deceiving, not worth believing;  too much noise, and lacking in meaning.<br />    Too far-straying, half-hearted praying–  one more soul uncontent.<br /><br />(Words: turn to deed, turn to thought, to the truth by which sin may be caught.<br />To embody here the all-supreme word of the hell that leaves one to burn…<br />May suffice that the rest shall learn.)<br /><br />    Too small-minded, bitterly reminded;  lost in a song, you leave yourself blinded.<br />    Unforgiving, merely just living, you who are taking far more than giving.<br />    End your ruses where the bad news is;  do what you must, or drown in excuses.<br />    Bear your burden, get the last word in–  know your sins and repent.<br /><br />“…Sigh.  It looks like I’ll need to lecture you much more.”{% endraw %}
