---
title: "10 Largest Spiders That Currently Exist In The World"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/h74Sq1rMigE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "h74Sq1rMigE"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["biggest spiders","largest spiders","amazing spiders"]
date: "2022-03-07T15:59:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-08-26T15:00:11Z"
duration: "PT11M10S"
viewcount: "158122"
likeCount: "2075"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "World List"
---
{% raw %}From spiders that can be bigger than your face, to ones that weigh the most, and ones that resemble other creatures, join me as I show you 10 of the biggest spiders in the world!<br /><br />Subscribe For New Videos! <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/UIzLeB">http://goo.gl/UIzLeB</a><br /><br />10. Cerbalus Aravaensis<br />In the Arava Valley of Israel and Jordan you'll find a spider that is 5.5 inches in length and something you'll want to watch out for, it's known as the Cerbalus Aravaensis. Also known as the biggest huntsman-type spider within the Middle East.<br /><br />9. Brazilian Wandering Spider<br />In Central or South America there is a spider that should not be messed with, it's called the Brazilian Wandering Spider, and not only is it deadly, it's one of the biggest spiders around. Technically speaking, these spiders don’t act like regular spiders in that they actually hide out during the day and go wander around the forests they reside in at night. Which makes it so that you’ll likely not see them coming. <br /><br />8. Camel Spider<br />Don't get the wrong idea here, the Camel Spider ISN'T a spider that eats camels or lives on camels or in them. Rather, the name for this 6 inch spider comes from how they are very much camel colored. As in their color palette is one that is very similar to camels.<br /><br />7. Hercules Baboon Spider<br />The Hercules Baboon Spider is a bit of a curious thing, because while they are indeed one of the largest spiders you'll find in Africa at 8 inches in length, they haven't been seen in the wild since 1900, and thus raises questions about whether they're around in large numbers. Though one is in a museum in the UK.<br /><br />6. Face-Size Tarantula<br />You do not leave much to the imagination when you name a spider as something is face-sized, and indeed, the Face-Size Tarantula is something that happens to have been discovered to be the size of a human face, and there are plenty of pictures to help prove that point.<br /><br />5. Colombian Giant Tarantula<br />Also known as the Colombian Giant Redleg, this species is known to get between 6-8 inches in length depending on the individual. It primarily resides in Colombia as the name would suggest, but it also has a habit of appearing in Brazil so it can lay eggs in logs.<br /><br />4. Grammostola anthracina<br />There are plenty of big spiders all over the world, but many of them live in South America, where you'll find ones like the Grammostola anthracina in countries such as Uruguay, Paraguay, Brazil, and Argentina. Not unlike certain other specially sized spiders, the Grammostola anthracina is a popular pet that is known for being quite docile.<br /><br />3. Brazilian Salmon Pink Birdeater<br />At 11 inches in size, the Brazilian Salmon Pink Birdeater is easily one of the biggest spiders in existence, and only a single inch from being the same size as the top two out there (that we know of). There's a lot of interesting little tidbits about the Brazilian Salmon Pink Birdeater that you should take note of.<br /><br />2. Giant Huntsman Spider<br />There are many ways to measure size, and thus there is a bit of a contest in regards to spiders to see which is the largest among them. The Goliath Birdeater from South America for example is the largest in terms of weight. But, in terms of raw size and leg span, that title would go to the Giant Huntsman Spider.<br /><br />1. Goliath Birdeater<br />The Goliath birdeater (Theraphosa blondi) is the world's largest spider by mass, weighing in around 6.2 oz (175 g). It is another kind of spider that is able to get to 12 inches in length at times, which is part of the reason that its name is &quot;Birdeater&quot;, because it has the ability to do such a thing should it want to...and it has been recorded as doing so in the past.<br /><br />Brazilian Salmon Pink Tarantula, Bernard DUPONT, CC BY-SA 2.0<br />Lasiodora parahybana 2015 G1, George Chernilevsky, CC BY-SA 4.0{% endraw %}
