---
title: "SPY QQQ Investing: The Countertrend Rally Has Begun! The VIX Is Warning The Market CRASH Isn't Over!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/VdLmpk2t_PY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "VdLmpk2t_PY"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["stock market crash","stock market crash 2021","stock market bubble"]
date: "2022-04-26T06:25:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-25T23:56:19Z"
duration: "PT22M35S"
viewcount: "2590"
likeCount: "479"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Ron Walker"
---
{% raw %}Thank you for taking the time to watch. If you want to support these videos, you can do so by following this link. Tips and Donations towards my work through PayPal: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=G8LEYJT6BYJ32">https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=G8LEYJT6BYJ32</a><br />The donation page is called the Chart Pattern Trader which is Ron Walker. I am the Chart Pattern Trader. LOL. So don't worry about the name on the page. It's me!!! PayPal is secure, safe and easy to use. <br /><br />Your support enables me to bring you amazing information and content each and everyday. Information you're not going to get anywhere else. It takes hours of study each day and several hours to produce and process the videos. Your donation enables me to do this full-time for you!, It helps off set the enormous amount of time and costs it takes in producing, editing and publishing high-quality videos. So follow the link to the donation page below if this is something you want to do. I want to thank you for your generosity in supporting my work.  See the link below:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=G8LEYJT6BYJ32">https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=G8LEYJT6BYJ32</a><br /><br /><br />-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />I have the comments off due to all the SPAMMERS  and SCAMMERS. It would take me hours a day to remove all the junk they put on my videos. Because my videos are popular they target them to post their spam and scams. I just don't have the time each day to clean that all up, so I shut off the comments. I'd rather take the time and focus making good content for my viewers. So thank you for your understanding.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br /><br />spy, qqq, iwm investing, invest, money, stocks---------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br /><br />This stock market crash update looks at the risks of a possible bear market. Examines things that could create volatility. The market is climbing a wall of worry, here are some issues,  1) geopolitical issues 2) the bond market, 3)  Inflation and 4) the virus 5) Fed taper, 6) peak earnings, 7) the variant 8) peak earnings. This video looks at the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) , SP 500 SPX (SPY), Nasdaq 100 NDX (QQQ).  Russell 2000 (IWM) inflation, inflation 10 year treasury, inflation bond market, inflation fed, inflation stock market, bond market stock market, TNX, TLT, yields, bond yields, nasdaq yields, stock market crash, stock market crash 2021,stock market bubble,sp500 crash, economic collapse, economic collapse 2021,qqq,spy,spy price prediction, qqq price prediction, Nasdaq 100,spx,dow jones,VIX,sp500 technical analysis, qqq technical analysis, dow theory sell signal ,sp500 news, qqq news, yields, inflation stock market, bear market ,stock market correction, technical analysis, investing for beginners, investing, trading, swing trading, stock market crash, economic collapse, economic depression, economic recession <br /><br /><br />Disclaimer:The content of all videos produced by this channel are for educational purposes only. All ideas, opinions and/or forecasts are for informational purposes only and should not be construed as a recommendation to invest, trade, and/or speculate in the stock market. Any investments made in light of these ideas, opinions, and/or forecasts, expressed or implied herein, are committed at your own risk. I am not an investment advisor, videos are for educational purposes only and not a recommendation to buy or sell any stock, ETF or futures contract at any time. This channel and its publishers are not liable for any investment decisions made by its viewers or subscribers, all videos are for educational purposes only. The author of this video does express certain opinions in the contents of this video, but will not assume any responsibility for the actions of any viewer who acts on this educational information. The author of this video may or may not hold positions in the financial instruments discussed in this video.Trading involves a high level of risk. Future results can be dramatically different from the opinions expressed herein. Past performance does not guarantee future performance. Consult an investment professional before investing. #spy #qqq{% endraw %}
