---
title: "2 HRS Virtual Walk around Emerald Lake, Yoho National Park - 4K Nature Walking Tour + Birds Chirping"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/U1j-eO3-aR8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "U1j-eO3-aR8"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["virtual walk","emerald lake","Canada"]
date: "2022-06-10T08:13:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-30T13:00:25Z"
duration: "PT2H8M2S"
viewcount: "114789"
likeCount: "2271"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "4K Relaxation Channel"
---
{% raw %}Enjoy a pleasant walking tour through beautiful forest to Emerald Lake in the Canadian Rockies. Explore the famous pristine lake in Yoho National Park, enjoy its glacial waters, listen to calm birds chirping in the background and feel the tranquility of this place. Take a virtual forest walk through a sun-lit forest and relax with awesome lake views! Our nature walking tour can provide a full immersion in the nature peace. Enjoy this lovely hike without leaving your couch and brighten up your day with beautiful nature scenes in 4K Ultra HD.<br /><br />Video From: Emerald lake, Yoho National Park, Canada<br />Video Resolution: #4K UHD<br />Equipment used: Panasonic GH5s<br />Video Type: nature walking tour<br />Executive producer: Roman Khomlyak, ProArtInc<br />Cinematographer: Agnius Narkevicius<br />Editor and colorist: Yan Bekhter<br />Supervising editor: Alexey Romanov<br />Special THANKS to our professional filmmakers and editors for their fascinating, creative, hard, and challenging work.<br />Discover more beautiful places in Canada by watching more high-quality videos from  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://proartinc.net">http://proartinc.net</a> and <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://beautifulwashington.com">http://beautifulwashington.com</a><br /><br />Emerald Lake in #YohoNationalPark is one of the Canadian Rockies’ finest lakes. Don't miss an opportunity to explore the largest lake in Yoho National Park and beautiful President Range in the background.The combination of natural scenes and sounds during this walk will provide clarity of mind and relaxation at any time. Hike with our team and get a dose of inspiration! Use this virtual #hike to create a peaceful atmosphere and fill your day with harmony!<br />Benefits of watching this 4K virtual walk:<br />– Unwind after a long hectic day with gorgeous natural scenery<br />– Explore this wonderful lake and stay connected to nature wherever you are.<br />– Perfect nature sounds for a peaceful and positive atmosphere at your home/office.<br />– It is a good opportunity to explore mus-visit places of Yoho National Park.<br />In order to fully experience these mesmerizing views, watch this walking tour on Oled TV, Samsung 4K HDR TV, Sony 4K TV, LG 4K TV, etc. Get a great #virtual tour and use it for any waiting room, lobby, relax room, spa center, public transport, gym, hotel, lounge, office, hospital, dental clinic, picture gallery, library, and other public places.<br /><br />To watch our videos without ads and watermarks subscribe to our relax app: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://4krelax.com">https://4krelax.com</a><br /><br />For licensing questions: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://goo.gl/i0VUj6">http://goo.gl/i0VUj6</a><br /><br />Please SUBSCRIBE to my 4K RELAXATION CHANNEL so you do not miss anything.{% endraw %}
