---
title: "Soul Snatcher (2020) Film Explained in Hindi\/Urdu Summarized हिन्दी"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1MrDTbO3Rjo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1MrDTbO3Rjo"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Snatcher","(2020)","Explained"]
date: "2022-03-19T06:20:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-18T04:15:00Z"
duration: "PT19M55S"
viewcount: "709214"
likeCount: "25079"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Movies Insight Hindi"
---
{% raw %}Soul Snatcher (2020) fantasy movie explained in Hindi Urdu voice over. The Chinese Fantasy Thriller film “Soul Snatchers” story summarized with a full ending in हिन्दी explanation. The plot is about a fox tribe and in the beginning a little fox appears who is running from the mountain and a child saves him while running from the mountain. Now after 500 years where in a world where monsters and humans live together, the elder of that fox's tribe has been shown who was their head. He told his men that they needed to obtain 'Elixir' which is a substance found in the human body. Basically they all look human but in reality they are the spirits of foxes. A fox soul '13' stood in front of a special stone. There is something written on his hand and he is happy that he will now become powerful as a result of receiving 'Elixir'. So he decides to go on a quest because he considers himself as a chosen one. However, the chief sends a senior guard behind him to protect him. Here '13' meets another man 'Zijin' and 13 learns that it will obtain its elixir from him. To begin with, 13 scares him away from his senior guardian who turns into a giant frog with a big red tongue. But soon they become good friends and both save each other from troubles many times.<br /><br />When Zijin asks '13' about the truth of the elixir, he replies that &quot;I just want to release a cute fox demon who took her own life because she was dissatisfied with her life. Later 13 receives the white elixir which transforms him into 9-foxtail and face the greatest enemy in disguise. Basically the conclusion is that evil is always defeated and good people are always win and happy e.g. in the end 13' turns into a little fox while reviving 'Zijin' after giving him its immortality and that was the end of the movie.<br /><br />Because of its emotional storyline and devastating thrills throughout the film, I believe its unexpected ending makes us all sad. The movie appeals to fans of super Chinese monsters and demons. For example we see a lot of thrillers and action sequences like human transformation into giant foxes and frogs. I am also happy with the VFX and visual feel of this film which makes it feel like it is happening in real life. The only drawback is that the film should be short in length. The rest it's both amusing and frightening  to watch.<br /><br />फिल्म 'सोल स्नैचर' एक अंडररेटेड थ्रिलर है जिसमें लोमड़ियां मानव रूप में रहती हैं और सुपरपावर हासिल करने के लिए कई राक्षसों का सामना करती हैं। यह एडवेंचर थ्रिलर फंतासी फिल्म 2020 में रिलीज हुई थी और मुझे विश्वास है कि आप इसे पसंद करेंगे।<br /><br />Credit(s): <br />Images and footage Source: EDKO Film Pictures and Huaxia Films Distribution<br />Director: Haolin Song and Yi Liqi<br /><br />Disclaimer: Any footage in this video has only been used to communicate a message (understandable) to the audience. According to my knowledge, it’s a fair use under reviews and commentary section. We don't plan to violate anyone's right. Thanks.{% endraw %}
