---
title: "\"Partey can be our best player!\" I Arsenal v Leicester I Mikel Arteta Press Conference"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CsSbxTlFY0U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CsSbxTlFY0U"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Football","Soccer","Hayters TV"]
date: "2022-03-13T03:48:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-12T22:30:02Z"
duration: "PT8M56S"
viewcount: "3288"
likeCount: "165"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "HaytersTV"
---
{% raw %}Arsenal manager Mikel Arteta is adamant Thomas Partey can become the best player at the club after an impressive second season at the Gunners for the Ghanian.<br /><br />-TIMESTAMPS-<br /><br />00:00 - Intro<br /><br />00:05 - Look only forward, not what you’ve done or who’s coming behind you. Look forward to the next training session, next performance and match and make sure everyone is on the same page on that. <br /><br />00:40 - I accepted the reality. You are fighting at the bottom of the league, and your mindset, effort and the basics that are required to get out of that are different to the ones you have now because the confidence levels are different.<br /><br />01:35 -  I think a lot of players that don’t play here are willing to come to Arsenal because as a club we can attract anybody’s attention.<br /><br />02:15 - First of all, we made the decision for William to go out on loan, and now he’s getting those chances in a competitive league and doing really well.<br /><br />03:05 - No and I hope he doesn’t, hopefully we can expand our area a little bit because then there’s more for me.<br /><br />03:30 – Tomiyasu had a calf injury. He had a quick recovery but we may have played him too quickly and he suffered a recurrence of the injury in training. <br /><br />04:05 – I don’t know. Now he needs to continue training so he doesn’t suffer a recurrence of the injury.<br /><br />04:30 – It is what Thomas can do, the ability he has is up there with the best in the team. We are helping him become more decisive. <br /><br />05:00 – It’s the work we do to try and bring out the quality in our players.<br /><br />05:15 – That’s why we signed him. He got a lot of injuries in a period where he wasn’t able to be consistent. Now he’s in a good place.<br /><br />06:05 – I think if you can play the same team consistently, then the confidence will begin to increase while we win games.<br /><br />06:50 – We’ve tried to maximise the periods we have between matches.<br /><br />07:30 – Playing European football with this club is a must.<br /><br />07:55 – With the experience Arsene had, he probably predicted it because after a period like that, teams that played in the Champions League don’t play in it anymore.<br /><br />08:20 – I don’t understand this club in a different way. We prepare to be the best club in this country.<br /><br />08:45 – The motivation should be to play in the Champions League.<br /><br />-END-<br /><br />HaytersTV – Football Up Close. We go behind the scenes with the biggest names in football to bring you interviews, training, news, live coverage, fans’ voices and funniest moments. If you love football, you’ll love Hayters TV. Subscribe now!<br />Follow HaytersTV on social media 🔥<br />www.instagram.com/HaytersTV <br />www.facebook.com/HaytersTV<br />www.twitter.com/HaytersTV<br />www.tiktok.com/@hayterstv<br />-------<br />Subscribe on YouTube - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/hayterstv">https://www.youtube.com/hayterstv</a><br /><br />#Arsenal #Partey #AFC{% endraw %}
