---
title: "4 Things NOBODY Tells You About Fat Loss (AVOID MISTAKES!)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/98YnFlCXBK0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "98YnFlCXBK0"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["how to lose body fat","lose fat","weight loss"]
date: "2022-02-25T20:01:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-30T17:26:22Z"
duration: "PT10M32S"
viewcount: "273048"
likeCount: "11332"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Jeremy Ethier"
---
{% raw %}Losing weight is tricky. It’s a proven fact that the vast majority of people who attempt a diet to lose fat fail. Despite the many reasons for this, what I’ve found both in the literature and with helping thousands of people successfully transform their bodies, is there’s 4 things that if people simply just knew of before dieting, would greatly increase their chance of successful weight loss. Today we’ll reveal what those weight loss tips are and how you can use them to your advantage to lose body fat.<br /><br />First. Most people are unaware that not all body fat is created equally. Within our fat cells are two receptors, alpha and beta receptors. You’ll remember them as alpha for “awful” and beta for “beautiful”. This is because alpha receptors tell the body to store fat rather than burn it. Whereas beta receptors do the opposite and encourage fat to be burned off for energy. Where on the body do we have the highest density of these awful alpha receptors? For males, to protect our internal organs, they have the highest density within our belly fat and love handles. For women, for child bearing purposes, it tends to be around the hips and waist. This is what makes these areas so “stubborn” to lose fat from yet is where most of us starting a diet want to lose fat from first. Which then leads many of us to question, is there a “shortcut” to burning off fat from these stubborn areas? There isn’t. Instead, realize that only once you’ve lost enough fat cells from other areas of the body will your body start focusing on burning off your more stubborn fat cells for energy. Patience and consistency are keys.<br /><br />Second: weight loss isn’t linear. Aside from knowing this, what else can you do? To start, we recommend all of our Built With Science clients to weigh themselves everyday using the same scale, first thing in the morning, after they’ve used the washroom but before they eat or drink anything. If you apply this you’ll still see some variation but it won’t be as big. Then, see what your average weight is for the week and compare those week to week. Be prepared for periods of 2-3 weeks where your weight just doesn’t budge or even increases. This is completely normal. However, in the event that your weekly weight hasn’t budged for at least 3-4 weeks, then that’s a sign it may be a good time to change something up.<br /><br />Third of our weight loss tips. Weight loss doesn’t mean fat loss. Although the very low calorie, high cardio approach will help you lose weight quickly, most of the weight you do lose will be muscle rather than fat. The result? Pretty much just a “smaller” version of you - but with some of the negative side effects of muscle loss such as fatigue and hunger. To look and feel the way you really want, you need to lose fat while preserving or even building as much muscle as you can in the process. Focus on slow, gradual weight loss while also lifting weights regularly and prioritizing those workouts rather than just doing a ton of cardio. You also need a high protein intake. So to start, I’d recommend aiming to eat at least 0.8g/lb of your bodyweight in protein every day. If you’ve already been doing that, then experiment with increasing it up to 1.1g/lb of your bodyweight or even higher. <br /><br />Finally, we’ve been talking a lot about weight and even went through the importance of weighing yourself consistently. But the weight scale doesn’t reveal all and it can get extremely frustrating when you’re doing everything right but you just don’t seem to be losing weight. This is why you need to look at other measures of progress. Our team of Built With Science coaches have every one of our clients not only weigh themselves regularly but also take progress pictures, keep track of their strength during their workouts, track their waist circumference, and monitor their physiological changes. If, for example, your weight isn’t budging yet your strength is improving, your waist measurements are decreasing, you’re feeling more energized and have made positive changes with your lifestyle then those are all signs that you're moving in the right direction. <br /><br />When it comes to how to lose body fat, it’s important that you set up your diet optimally from the beginning and equally as important to know what to measure. That’s exactly why within our Built With Science programs we’ve not only created powerful custom tools for you to track your progress, but we’ve also designed them to automatically adjust the plan for you in the event that your progress slows down. To get access today, take our analysis quiz to discover what approach is best for you and your body below:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://builtwithscience.com/your-potential-realized/?utm_source=YouTube&amp;utm_medium=Video&amp;utm_campaign=4+Things+Nobody+Tells+You+About+Weight+Loss+%28AVOID+MISTAKES%21%29&amp;utm_term=30%2F01%2F2022">https://builtwithscience.com/your-potential-realized/?utm_source=YouTube&amp;utm_medium=Video&amp;utm_campaign=4+Things+Nobody+Tells+You+About+Weight+Loss+%28AVOID+MISTAKES%21%29&amp;utm_term=30%2F01%2F2022</a><br /><br />Thanks to Bill Campbell for his feature:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/billcampbellphd/">https://instagram.com/billcampbellphd/</a><br /><br />Subscribe to my channel here:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/jeremyethier/?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/jeremyethier/?sub_confirmation=1</a>{% endraw %}
