---
title: "The retreating Russian army is preparing for the attack: Zelensky: They changed tactics"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/RbG5qBETjDU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "RbG5qBETjDU"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Infinity News","agenda news","news"]
date: "2022-04-10T19:40:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-07T07:09:49Z"
duration: "PT4M18S"
viewcount: "25915"
likeCount: "262"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Infinity News"
---
{% raw %}You can get our latest agenda news from our official youtube channel.<br /><br />Subscribe to our channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpAcSt9Ji1wL_u51tM_yosQ">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCpAcSt9Ji1wL_u51tM_yosQ</a><br /><br />The retreating Russian army is preparing for the attack: Here are the three targeted areas! Zelensky: They changed tactics.<br /><br />It turned out that the Russian army, which started to withdraw from Ukraine in the past days, is preparing for a new attack. With the offensive operations to be launched in the east of the country, it is aimed to completely capture the Donetsk and Luhansk regions and the city of Mariupol. On the other hand, Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy said that after the incident in the city of Bucha, the Russian army changed tactics and tried to destroy the evidence of their crimes in the areas they occupied.<br /><br />The Ukrainian General Staff reported that the Russian army is preparing for an offensive operation in eastern Ukraine to ensure full control of the Donetsk and Luhansk regions and the city of Mariupol.<br /><br />In the statement made by the General Staff, it was stated that the number of soldiers lost by Russia was updated as 18 thousand 600, according to the data on the evening of 6 April.<br /><br />In the statement, which stated that the attack operation carried out by the Russian army against 6 settlements during the day was unsuccessful, it was noted that the Ukrainian soldiers took back the control of the Osokarovka settlement in the Kherson region.<br /><br />In the statement, it was reported that Russia continues its efforts to prepare for an offensive operation in eastern Ukraine to ensure full control over Donetsk and the Luhansk region and the city of Mariupol.<br /><br />ZELENSKY: THE RUSSIAN ARMY CHANGED TACTICS<br /><br />Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelenskiy, in his video message, stated that the world's attitude towards the modern Russian state has changed after what he saw in Bucha.<br /><br />Pointing out that the Russian soldiers tried to destroy the evidence of their crimes after the incident in question, Zelenskiy said, &quot;After Bucha, the Russian army changed tactics. We have information that it is trying to clear the murdered Ukrainians from the streets and basements of the occupied areas. But they cannot escape responsibility. We already know that thousands of citizens are missing. &quot; said..<br /><br />President Zelenskiy noted that through an objective investigation, eyewitnesses and satellite surveillance, Russia will uncover war crimes on Ukrainian soil and continue the search for truth.<br /><br />Emphasizing that today the Western countries have announced a new package of sanctions against Russia and that the said sanctions are not sufficient despite how effective they seem, Zelenskiy said, &quot;We will continue to insist that the Russian banking system be completely blocked from international finance. In addition, the democratic world must reject Russian oil in one form or another. We will provide.” he said..<br /><br />Underlining that more needs to be done to stop the war, Zelenskiy said, &quot;The arms supply we really need with a painful package of sanctions against Russia. Otherwise, Russia will see this as permission to start a new bloody wave in the Donbas.&quot; used the phrase.<br /><br />In addition, Zelenskiy stated that they have decided to reinvigorate economic activities in safe zones, &quot;I urge all community leaders in areas where there is no threat of direct confrontation with the enemy on the ground, to do whatever is necessary for people to return and work to restart economic processes.&quot; he said..<br /><br />Stating that the other side is preparing to start active offensive operations again by increasing its combat power, Zelenskiy said, &quot;We will fight and we will not retreat. We will consider all options to defend ourselves until Russia begins to seriously seek peace.&quot; said..{% endraw %}
