---
title: "Smooth Jazz Music & Spring Morning Coffee Shop Ambience | Relaxing Piano Jazz Music for Work, Study"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7s9rJli32KE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7s9rJli32KE"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Smooth Jazz Music","Spring Morning Coffee Shop Ambience","Relaxing Piano Jazz Music"]
date: "2022-03-27T13:06:22+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-21T11:13:04Z"
duration: "PT8H33M36S"
viewcount: "25937"
likeCount: "577"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Cozy Coffee Shop"
---
{% raw %}Smooth Jazz Music &amp; Spring Morning Coffee Shop Ambience | Relaxing Piano Jazz Music for Work, Study<br /><br />People always think of spring with golden rays of sunshine, fresh flowers blooming in one corner, and luxuriant canopy growing together. Going beyond the bitter cold of winter, the spring space quickly put on a more perfect beauty. Unlike the harsh sun of summer, the cold of winter brings its own beauty. The cafe space is covered with vibrant colors. Flowers and leaves are in full bloom. They are symbols of the rise of a new color, a new month, and a fresh soul. What do you look for in a jazz cafe? Not just a few good drinks or just a big window and the smell of wood. But most of all, we love it because of the wonderful space there, the cool space in the shop in the fresh and poetic spring morning. The streets are filled with flowers and birdsong. In this place to see the scenery is so poetic, all are attracted by the freshness under the clear blue sky outside.<br />Did you hear anything?<br />Those are the gentle sounds of Piano Jazz notes that are humming. The notes are soaring and melodious in its own way. Today is a beautiful sunny day, the aroma of coffee cups spreads throughout the shop.<br />Enjoy our creations and you will have to say ''THIS IS AWESOME''<br />Sit down and have a cup of coffee. Listen to soothing jazz music. How wonderful you will feel. Each note seems to gently touch your little heart, shaking all lingering hearts. They will awaken your soul.<br />The open coffee space at &quot;Cozy Coffee Shop&quot; will bring you relaxation with smooth smooth jazz piano music. The cafe scene with the sunshine and bright colors of spring. All will create a layer of perfect space to help you rest and relieve stress effectively. Visit us to find positive energy for a day of work and study.<br />We hope you enjoy the videos on our channel!<br /> 😍 Good morning. Wishing you a day filled with exciting and wonderful moments.<br /><br />✍ Storyline:<br />“Today is the weekend I continue to visit the orphanage and play with them, then I go to a familiar cafe down the street. Entering the shop today has a clear difference, perhaps it is wearing a shirt with a vibrant spring color. Flip open the diary and book and write the stories of the children at the orphanage that I am visiting today. I put pen to write down the feelings of a bygone day. You know, documenting what a day goes by is magical. I often keep a diary of the days I visit them because I have always believed that human memory is limited. At some point we will all forget what happened. At the end of a long day, I love to sit back in this quiet space, read my favorite book and tell my story. That will make your fatigue disappear. Only one meaningful day left…”<br />The story above is fictitious and written for entertainment purposes only!<br /><br />➡️ Please Sign Up!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bitly.com.vn/haku23">https://bitly.com.vn/haku23</a><br />➡️ Band produced by Cozy Coffee Shop<br />➡️ Nice to see you again on my Cozy Coffee Shop channel 😍<br /> I really enjoy the jazz tunes and the hot cups of coffee next to it. In our daily hustle and bustle, we often miss this. So my hobby is creating videos that help you study, improve your mood, relax and sleep easily.<br />Our video is 8 hours long so it can help you to go deeper to sleep and relax.<br /><br />🔔 Please hit the follow button and leave a share in the comment section, Cozy Coffee Shop thanks for that. Cozy Coffee Shop is always here and welcome back!<br /><br />📜 Cozy Coffee Shop is an internet-based music brand where you can find relaxing original Jazz Music to support you to relax, study, work, sleep well, relieve stress, feel refreshed gentle and those things will help you calm down, your mental state as well as help you be creative and effective in work and study.<br />If you like jazz tunes and all the other book cafe spaces on our channel please like, comment, subscribe and share it with your friends ♥️ ♥ ️<br /><br />◢ Follow EMVN Music on : <br />★ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.sourceaudio.com/">https://emvn.sourceaudio.com/</a><br />◢ Music provided by EMVN<br />Submit your music: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://emvn.co/submitDemo">http://emvn.co/submitDemo</a><br />Contact: network@emvn.co<br /><br />◢ Follow Melosy Publishing :<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://emvn.fanlink.to/MelosyPublishing">https://emvn.fanlink.to/MelosyPublishing</a><br /><br />◢ Follow artists:<br />★VPROD Publishing<br />» Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://musicproducer.vn">https://musicproducer.vn</a><br /><br />COPYRIGHT: All 3D images and music are owned by Cozy Coffee Shop. Please do not copy! <br />All music in this video and in this channel are our original music.<br />We are playing all the songs.<br />✉Contact us: coffeeshop.jazzmusic@gmail.com<br />◢ Share this Mix on social sites (Facebook, Google +, Twitter, etc.) so more people can listen to it!<br />Reuse of audio/video is not allowed. © ️ Created by Cozy Coffee Shop<br />#CoffeeShopBookstore #CoffeeShopMusic #RelaxingJazzMusic <br />▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬{% endraw %}
