---
title: "What Else Can I Do? - EASY Piano Tutorial - Encanto"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/T3hJmenlYXQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "T3hJmenlYXQ"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["encanto piano","encanto piano tutorial","we dont talk about bruno piano"]
date: "2022-03-11T03:38:27+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-12-20T15:18:17Z"
duration: "PT3M10S"
viewcount: "295126"
likeCount: "1269"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "pianoandkeys"
---
{% raw %}How to play a simple easy version of the song What Else Can I Do? that Isabela sings in the Disney film Encanto.<br />Music by Lin-Manuel Miranda, performed originally by Diane Guerrero.<br />Lyrics: <br />I just made something unexpected<br />Something sharp<br />Something new<br />It's not symmetrical or perfect<br />But it's beautiful<br />And it's mine<br />What else can I do?<br /><br />Bring it in, bring it in<br />(Good talk!) Bring it in, bring it in<br />What else can I do?<br />(Let's walk!) Bring it in, bring it in<br />(Free hugs!) Bring it in, bring it in<br /><br />I grow rows and rows of roses<br />Flor de mayo<br />By the mile<br />I make perfect, practiced poses<br />So much hides behind my smile<br /><br />What could I do if I just grew what I was feeling in the moment?<br />(Do you know where you're going? Whoa!)<br />What could I do if I just knew it didn't need to be perfect?<br />It just needed to be? And they let me be?<br /><br />A hurricane of jacarandas<br />Strangling figs (Big!)<br />Hanging vines (This is fine)<br />Palma de cera fills the air as I climb<br />And I push through<br />What else can I do?<br />Can I deliver us a river of sundew?<br />Careful, it's carnivorous, a little just won't do<br /><br />I wanna feel the shiver of something new<br />I'm so sick of pretty<br />I want something true, don't you?<br /><br />You just seem like your life's been a dream<br />Since the moment you opened your eyes<br />(How far do these roots go down?)<br />All I know are the blossoms you grow<br />But it's awesome to see how you rise<br />How far can I rise?<br />Through the roof, to the skies<br />Let's go!<br /><br />A hurricane of jacarandas (Whoo!)<br />Strangling figs (Go!)<br />Hanging vines (Grow!)<br />Palma de cera fills the air as I climb<br />And I push through<br />What else, what else?<br /><br />What can you do when you are deeply, madly, truly in the moment?<br />(Seize the moment, keep goin')<br />What can you do when you know who you wanna be is imperfect?<br />But I'll still be okay<br />Hey, everybody clear the way (Whoo!)<br />I'm coming through with tabebuia<br />(She's coming through with that booyah!)<br />Making waves (Making waves)<br />Changing minds (You've changed mine)<br />The way is clearer 'cause you're here, and well<br />I owe this all to you<br />What else can I do?<br /><br />Show 'em what you can do<br />What else can I do?<br />There's nothing you can't do<br />What else can I do?<br /><br />This video was created manually by hand, by playing each part of the piano section on a real electric piano, recording them into a multi track sequencer as a MIDI file, and then playing that file back using Synthesia video software.  It is a unique original work that only I own the MIDI file to and cannot be found anywhere else apart from this channel and other platforms that I may distribute to.<br />#encanto{% endraw %}
