---
title: "Lil Jon - Snap Yo Fingers (feat. E-40, Sean Paul of Youngbloodz) (Official Music Video)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/AoA-ByjIf2M\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "AoA-ByjIf2M"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Lil jon","E40","Youngbloodz"]
date: "2022-01-15T01:20:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2009-06-15T00:15:09Z"
duration: "PT4M33S"
viewcount: "95450799"
likeCount: "551720"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Radial by The Orchard"
---
{% raw %}Official music video for Lil Jon - Snap Yo Fingers (feat. E-40, Sean Paul of Youngbloodz). Director: Hype Williams.<br /><br />Stream on all platforms: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://orcd.co/liljonsnapyofingers">https://orcd.co/liljonsnapyofingers</a><br />Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/QzHcrb​">http://bit.ly/QzHcrb​</a><br /><br />LYRICS<br /><br />What's happenin'? Dis ya boy Lil Jon! BME Click<br />What's up 40? What's happenin'?<br />What's up Sean Paul? What's happenin'?<br />Hey! Now ladies and gentlemen it's about dat time<br />To turn this thang on out<br />Now let me see everybody do this<br />Hey! Let's go!<br /><br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br /><br />Snap ya fingers and then rock wit it<br />Do it, do it, do it, do it, gon' drop wit it<br />Do a step with it, put your hips with it<br />All my ladies let me see ya put a twist wit it<br />You can't do it like me, I'm by myself<br />I do it so good, I don't need nobody else<br />What's happenin', what's up<br />Got that got that fired up<br />What's happenin', what's up<br />Got Patron in my cup<br />I pop, I drank<br />I'm on Patron and ____, I can't thank<br />I'm ____, to the do'<br />Don't know how the hell I'm gettin' home<br /><br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br /><br />[E-40]<br />Straight from the Bay, posted in the 'A'<br />Bout to hit the club, we been mobbin' all day<br />Drinkin' on some Rossi, Jon on Patron<br />VIP status<br />Look around the club, what do I see<br />Everybody rockin' side to side to the beat<br />Snappin' they fingers, bouncin' to the groove<br />All by they self, that's the new move<br />N___, where I'm from, we like to go dumb<br />I'm soakin' up the game, I'm seein' how it's done<br />I ask shawty what they call it, she said 'the Pool Palace'<br />Straight from Bankhead, I said 'you good at it'<br />Do what'cha do, you and ya crew<br />They even got playas and thugs doin' it too<br />The mo' that I drank, the more it's lookin' smooth<br />It's nuthin' to a boss, I can do the s___ too<br /><br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br /><br />[Sean Paul]<br />Chillin' in the vip, yeah, we gettin' crunk<br />N___s poppin' bottles and these ____ gettin' drunk<br />Put it in the air<br />I'm throwin' up the E's to let 'em know we in here<br />Brand new shoes, brand new tool<br />Pull out the ol' school 'cause I'm feelin' real cool<br />Yeah I'm from the 'A', so I'm leanin' and rockin'<br />Snappin' my fingers, then reachin' for my <br />Reppin' my block, straight from the Dec<br />When you snap ya fingers shawty, gotta jerk ya neck<br />Smokin' on the best, we don't ____ wit dat mess<br />I bet you can't do it, do it, do it like this<br />Yeah I'm back to the track, back to the snap<br />1, 2 step, then you gotta lean back<br />This is how we do it in the A town<br />(And if you ain't know) This is how it goes down<br /><br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Snap ya fingers! Do ya step!<br />You can do it all by yo self!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br />Let me see you do it! Ay!<br /><br />© 2006 The Orchard <br /><br />#LilJon #SnapYoFingers #E-40 #Crunk #CrunkAintDead #DirtySouth{% endraw %}
