---
title: "How I Find My Stocks: Step-By-Step Method"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/09MQaNsU_7E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "09MQaNsU_7E"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Stocks:","Step-By-Step","Method"]
date: "2022-04-08T07:22:10+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-01T16:01:08Z"
duration: "PT13M3S"
viewcount: "67550"
likeCount: "3365"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Swedish Investor"
---
{% raw %}Support your future self (and this channel) by signing up for an account with tikr.com/tsi<br /><br />If you hurry, you’ll be able to catch a 15% discount by entering the coupon code tsi15<br /><br />Add the code in the first step of the payment process and in the second step you'll see that the discount has been applied.<br /><br />This is the first sponsor of the channel. I’ve finally found a product that I can truly stand behind. TIKR is an excellent tool for the intelligent investor to discover new investing opportunities. Personally, I’ve used TIKR since early 2021. <br /><br />DISCLAIMER: The content on The Swedish Investor is for informational and educational purposes only and should not be construed as professional financial advice. All investment strategies and investments involve risk of loss. Never invest money that you can't afford to lose. Any reference to an investment strategy’s past or potential performance is not, and should not be construed as, a recommendation or as a guarantee of any specific outcome or profit. TSI Productions AB and associated parties expressly disclaims any liability or loss incurred by any person who acts on the information, ideas or strategies discussed on this channel. <br /><br />---<br /><br />As a stock market investor, there's no way that you can look at and evaluate all the tens of thousands of publicly listed companies individually. However, you can narrow this massive number down into a short-list of better than average opportunities by looking at specific key ratios. Much like an expert chess player, the intelligent investor wants to filter out the mediocre or even stupid moves right from the get-go. Let me show you a strategy that has been very profitable for me since I started investing in 2013.<br /><br />How do you find great investment opportunities? Do you ask around among friends and family? Or maybe you should copy the investments of some YouTuber or Twitterer with lots of followers? I disagree with both approaches. Warren Buffett: &quot;You can't buy what is popular and do well.&quot; I'll soon show you a third option.<br /><br />When investing in a stock market company, there are many things that you want to see. Preferably, the company should be cheap, it should be able to pay out lots of money to you as a shareholder, it should be financially stable, it should be growing, it should have experienced and dedicated management, it should have a so-called moat, which keeps competing businesses at bay, it should be in a favorable political situation, etc. Now, some of these things, you can check in just a few seconds, while others may take days or even weeks to understand, depending on your level of ambition.<br /><br />When I'm investing in the stock market, I look at the fast-to-check variables first and exclude companies that do not fulfill them. If you do the same, you'll save a lot of time, and you can focus your efforts on better-than-average opportunities. After all, I think that most of us want our &quot;hourly wage&quot; to be as high as possible.<br /><br />Back in the 1950s, when Warren Buffett started out on his investing journey, he plowed through elephant books such as the Moody's Manuals to find investment ideas. These books had many thousands of pages. Luckily, you and I do not have to do that anymore because we live in the digital age. Today, many investment research platforms can help in your hunt for overperformance, and the best one that I've used in recent years is one called TIKR.<br /><br />---<br /><br />Timestamps for understanding the financial statements:<br />00:00 Intro<br />02:41 Step 1: Valuation<br />06:07 Step 2: Profitability<br />08:03 Step 3: Growth<br />09:21 Step 4: Reliability<br />11:00 Step 5: Deep Dive<br /><br />---<br /><br />My goal with this channel is to help you make more money and improve your personal finances. How to become a millionaire? There are many ways to get there – investing in the stock market, becoming a stock trader, doing real estate investing, or why not becoming an entrepreneur? But whether you are interested in how to invest in stocks or investing strategies for creating passive income with rental properties – I hope to be able to provide you with a solution (or at least an idea) here. Warren Buffett - the greatest investor of our time - says that you should fill your mind with competing ideas and then see what makes sense to you. This channel is about filling your mind with those ideas. And in the process – upgrading your money-making toolbox.{% endraw %}
