---
title: "HOW TO GET #2500 UPON REGISTRATION AND AT LEAST #320  DAILY,ALL FOR FREE ON THIS PLATFORM 😍😍"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/dC5FtGBnTEA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "dC5FtGBnTEA"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["#2500","REGISTRATION","LEAST"]
date: "2022-05-04T07:11:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-03T06:38:08Z"
duration: "PT2M52S"
viewcount: "256"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "THE MONEY PLUG 🔌"
---
{% raw %}in this #video I'll walk you through a platform where you will stand to earn money all for free upon registration and carrying out few tasks to earn #commission ,#affiliate #marketing is said to be taking over, wanna know more. about the platform,it's called #corelminer<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.corelminer.com/register/MBEEKAYY">https://www.corelminer.com/register/MBEEKAYY</a><br />WE MINE CRYPTOCURRENCY – THE DIGITAL GOLD OF THE FUTURE<br /><br />Founded in early 2022, CorelMiner is a unique mining company based on the principles of transparency, security and a modern approach to the use of electricity. The company allows to mine cryptocurrencies online, without the direct participation of the owner of the equipment. The service unites data centers and owners of the equipment for joint cryptocurrency mining. Owners of mining hosts are invited for the partnership, while owners of equipment are invited to place it on partnered data centers. CorelMine also allows you to purchase up to 1/100 of a share of a specific ASIC at a reasonable price, which can be a very useful way to start mining coins without having to buy an expensive machine entirely, however, you can also purchase ASIC with door-to-door delivery.<br />How to become a miner<br />Sign up<br /><br />Register in your account. We offer new users 2,500 NGN of free mining on corelminer Storage1, as a gift for the first set.<br />Chose your STORAGE<br /><br />CORELMINER offers only relevant machines, so you could forget about guessing the right one for making profit. Recharge your account and upgrade to your prefer STORAGE. Contracts are purchased for 5 months<br />Make a profit<br /><br />Now you've got everything you need to become a miner. Your daily profits will be delivered to your internal account just like your electricity fees. You could upgrade to new STORAGE or withdraw your money any time.<br />FAQ<br />What is the service fee?<br /><br />The main fee for using CorelMiner services is to pay for the electricity and Server consumed by ASIC miners. CorelMiner has 1% commissions for the withdrawals of user funds due to the crypto network and the bank service's expenses.<br />What is the minimum withdrawal amount??<br /><br />When accumulating the amount of 4,000 NGN you can send a request for withdrawal of funds in your personal area. To do this, you need to specify the Bank Account. After that, the money will be sent to the specified bank account withing 1 to 30 minutes<br />What is the fees for depositing funds?<br /><br />We do not charge a commission for adding funds to your balance. When you top up, you are credited exactly as much as you sent, minus the commission of the bank network itself.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.corelminer.com/register/MBEEKAYY">https://www.corelminer.com/register/MBEEKAYY</a><br />#earnmoneyonline <br />#makemoneyonline <br />#investment <br />#money{% endraw %}
