---
title: "Treating Poor Elephant suffering from pus oozing wounds in the ear and abscesses all over the body"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4XN8BsBytJo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4XN8BsBytJo"
categories: "Pets-Animals"
tags: ["Elephant zone","protect elephants","save elephant"]
date: "2022-03-06T23:33:54+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-05T14:34:31Z"
duration: "PT8M9S"
viewcount: "17449"
likeCount: "462"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Elephant Zone"
---
{% raw %}This is another exclusive treatment mission to critically injured elephant sustaining festering wounds and minor abscesses all over his body after being a victim from fatal trap gun. A villager residing near the border of the forest alerted the nearest center of department of wildlife conservation regarding the distressed elephant. Some villagers have noticed that elephant with severe wounds limping near the forest border. As soon they got the news wildlife officers soon departed to search the elephant. After several days of search they were able to locate the elephant in the middle of the thick forest. It was distressful to watch the sight of poor elephant who’ve got injures all over its body. Some wounds have formed in to minor abscesses. There’s a fresh wound in the left front leg too. There were ulcerated wounds in the ear area. Those wounds have festered badly with oozing pus. This shows signs of serious infection.<br />After locating the elephant the team started preparing anesthetic drugs to sedate the elephant. Sedation would allow them to inspect the elephant thoroughly and give necessary treatments without any risk. This precaution is compulsory, since they are going to deal with a wild elephant. There’s a risk of being assailed by the treating wild elephants especially when they are in pain. The officers risk their lives to save the treasured elephants.<br />After the sedation the elephant hobbled few meters and stood steadily between trees. The officers leapt in to action. The thick tree cover in the forest made the operation more arduous. The veterinary surgeon inspected the wound and ascertain that this has been caused by disastrous trap gun.<br />These barbaric trap guns are locally made, smooth-bore, long-barreled, muzzle-loading firearm with a victim-activated simple trigger mechanism. It is mainly used to protect crops and livestock from the potential harm by wild animals. Trap gun is mounted horizontally on pegs of sticks fixed to the ground. Miscellaneous metal pieces are used as ammunition. A small metal container filled with powdered matchstick heads/firecrackers covered by the striker surface of the matchstick box is used as the percussion cap. A metal hammer is set to hit the percussion cap. Through a lever mechanism, the hammer is kept under tension. The lever mechanism is connected to a trigger cord, which runs across the animal path. The first passerby, a human being or a wild animal, who accidentally trips the trigger cord and activates the trigger mechanism is critically injured. Trap guns are frequently set along forest paths to kill animal such as Sāmbhar, Axis deer, and wild boar.<br />There were penetrating wounds in the ear area which showed signs of serious infection with purulent exudates and flies hovering around. First pain killers and anti – inflammatory medication were administered in to elephant’s body to ease the pain from grievous injuries. One officer started cleaning and treating the injured front leg. They had to expedite the operation and finish initial treatments before the elephant regain its consciousness. <br />The exudates and necrotic tissues in the ear wounds were carefully removed. The remaining ammunition that penetrated in to the flesh were also removed. The wounds were flushed with hydrogen peroxide and wiped with cotton swabs. The wounds were flushed with hydrogen peroxide and thoroughly cleaned the wounds. Then the wounds were rinsed with saline solution until the hydrogen peroxide is cleared away. <br />Thereby they saved the elephant’s life from immediate danger. But they have a long way to go. Antibiotics were administered intra- muscularly to boost the immunity of the elephant to heal the injuries. Once the antibiotics are injected, they are blended with the blood stream and expedite the wound healing and regrowth of tissues by boosting the immunity system. Antibiotic treatment would also be helpful in prevent further infection through the wounds and prevent persisting infections to be spared in to the inner body parts. Preventing infections through the wounds is extremely important. Because infected wounds can in turn lead to systemic infection that are fatal to the elephant.<br />Elephant is the largest herbivorous mammal in the world, which is now listed as critically endangered species. No matter how big the elephants are in size, they become completely miserable and helpless in the face of vicious human activities. This gentle giant was fortunate to find a group of saviors. They save the life of the elephant from immediate danger. The veterinary surgeon decided that the elephant will need several days of treatment continuously.<br /><br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0PmZvE9ONFZAJ4JCs79JGg/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC0PmZvE9ONFZAJ4JCs79JGg/join</a><br /><br />Stay with us to watch more videos on majestic elephants and don’t forget to subscribe our channel. Enjoy and let us know your comments about in this video.<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/2VNE94E">https://bit.ly/2VNE94E</a><br />#ElephantZone   #elephantabscesses    #elephantrescue{% endraw %}
