---
title: "Tobi's Kitchen Planning Tips"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fl_AgoVhNS0\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fl_AgoVhNS0"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["KI Kitchen Idea","Kitchen remodel","kitchen reno"]
date: "2022-02-16T04:43:58+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-02-08T03:47:00Z"
duration: "PT3M15S"
viewcount: "66"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "KI Kitchen Ideas"
---
{% raw %}Tobi's Kitchen making plans suggestions<br /><br />1. don't forget your cooking style. Are you a median cook dinner, or are you a borderline professional chef? while choosing kitchen functions, assume characteristic first. if you won’t use it, you possibly don’t want it. <br /><br />2. decide on a selection kind. Do you need gasoline, electric powered, or induction? there are so many extraordinary appliances, you may’t pass incorrect. I chose an first rate dual-gas Thermador variety that i will’t wait to expose you.  <br /><br />3. reflect onconsideration on the way you’ll use your sink. Do you wash your china via hand? Do you prep a variety of food? Do you want a deep sink for pots? issues like that will help you determine on a single-bowl sink, a double-bowl, or one that has a smaller prep sink subsequent to a larger-ability aspect.<br /><br />four. supply concept to cleanup. For a neat freak like me, double dishwashers make sure there may be in no way a dirty dish inside the sink. make sure your dishwasher works for the way you operate your kitchen, whether or not which means utensil trays, deep ability for pots, or room for lots of glassware.<br /><br />five. include useful storage. I deliberate a few amusing features like small-appliance storage and a unique drawer for all of my baking elements. Use every single inch—and don’t overlook the trash and recycling.<br /><br />6. suit surfaces—counters and floors—to your life-style. pick materials so that it will hold up to whatever obligations you have got in thoughts. if you plan to set hot pots on counters, you might need granite. if you are a baker, maybe marble or butcher block is your preference. I chose a new fabric called Dekton from Cosentino. It’s super long lasting—scratch-, warmth-, and stain-resistant—and has a swish, contemporary style that i really like. <br /><br />7. Make your lighting/electrical plan a concern. Take a layered approach with overhead furnishings, challenge lighting fixtures, and undercounter lights. make certain to devise stores, switches, dimmers, and other wiring so your kitchen contains all your massive and small home equipment. one in every of my favorite guidelines is to hide your stores below the higher shelves so that they don’t intervene along with your terrifi backsplash. <br /><br />8. decide your seating strategy. A breakfast table or an island paired with chairs or bar stools can create a comfy eat-in kitchen. consider where you need own family and visitors to sit down—and if your island or table can double as a work surface.<br /><br /><br />for more information about new videos about kitchen design up to date, just subscribe our link <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCntp8UYb9_w_1xP-S3CNY0g?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCntp8UYb9_w_1xP-S3CNY0g?sub_confirmation=1</a><br /><br />This video was upload by KI Kitchen Idea{% endraw %}
