---
title: "I got the best TAN in the WORLD (here's how)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/7Etdf2OKgqg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "7Etdf2OKgqg"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["what do you do for a living","Travel vlog","Sun tanning"]
date: "2022-03-26T15:41:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-19T16:21:05Z"
duration: "PT7M19S"
viewcount: "3593"
likeCount: "211"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Aaron Vankampen"
---
{% raw %}Traveling all the way to Africa for the most expensive sun tan you've ever seen. Subscribe for more awesome videos. <br /><br />FOLLW MY IG: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/aaronvankampen?r=nametag">https://instagram.com/aaronvankampen?r=nametag</a><br /><br />Flights From London (LGW) to Marrakech (RAK)<br />This is a great travel agency, I’ve booked flights with them many times. When you shop around for flights you’ll often find prices gradually going up as you continue your search. This is often due to search engine tracking your behaviour and increasing prices accordingly. This travel agency will find your flight at the best rate possible. Ask for Monik Barros, very helpful! <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://acadiatravel.ca/toronto-agency/">http://acadiatravel.ca/toronto-agency/</a><br /><br />Riad in Marrakech<br />This Traditional Moroccan style home is an absolute gem, accompanied with a complimentary pick up from the airport. The neighbourhood is gated and community is friendly and welcoming to tourists. You will find small shops and restaurants only steps from the home. The place itself is very clean and well kept, I didn’t use the kitchen much due to how affordable it is to eat out. Beds are rather firm and there isn’t much hot water readily available to take that hot shower you make be used to. All in all it’d suggest staying here to anyone looking to visit Marrakesh. <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/881901?source_impression_id=p3_1647693668_en%2B74nDr2RPHlKEM">https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/881901?source_impression_id=p3_1647693668_en%2B74nDr2RPHlKEM</a><br /><br />Atlas Views Car Rentals<br />This company was able to meet a competitive price and deliver the car to me on same day notice. The car itself was clean and new, I could’ve gone for something cheaper and older but something you will learn about Morocco.. When people know you’re a tourist, they will try to upsell you on everything.<br /> +212 661-909521<br /><br />Desert Tent Airbnb<br />Honestly this was an incredible experience, they drive you out into the desert from their office/ drop off location in Merzouga. The tent had a shower, toilet, sink and two comfortable beds. I understand there are many tent layouts to choose from but id suggest to get one with a private bathroom. They serve you complimentary breakfast and dinner with your stay, However will upsell you on lunch and all excursions associate with your stay. Part of me felt somewhat trapped there, not be able to come or go without their help, also not being able to shop other excursions left me feeling like i was forced their set prices. <br /><br />All in it was a fun experience, the stars at night will blow your mind and the food they serve is authentic and delicious.<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/41997939?adults=3&amp;check_in=2022-03-19&amp;check_out=2022-03-20&amp;federated_search_id=d0f955a0-2d7b-4145-a9e6-00cf1cf4dc0d&amp;source_impression_id=p3_1647693909_m95aBb%2FemUB6xosf">https://www.airbnb.com/rooms/41997939?adults=3&amp;check_in=2022-03-19&amp;check_out=2022-03-20&amp;federated_search_id=d0f955a0-2d7b-4145-a9e6-00cf1cf4dc0d&amp;source_impression_id=p3_1647693909_m95aBb%2FemUB6xosf</a><br /><br />Morocco<br />This is a rounded review of my experience thus far: The weather here tends to be warm in the day and cool at night, places generally aren’t heated much so you may find you’ll get kinda cold. People are harmless but will try to sell you anything and everything, and its all negotiable! Being out in public and blatantly not looking like your from there does stir up a lot of eyes, Ashley chose to cover up more than she may otherwise (men stared at here a lot). <br /><br />I’d suggest to answer the question “Is this your first time in Morocco? OR are you here for vacation?” with no / tell people you’re visiting family, this may help you avoid getting scammed or swindled into something. I’d also highly suggest learning a little bit of Arabic and French prior to coming here, very few people speak English. All-in this country is absolutely beautiful, so much to see, taste and experience, If you choose to visit you should be prepared to embrace a different world and all the adventures that come with it.<br /><br />#tanning #Saharadesert #vlog{% endraw %}
