---
title: "Ultimate Life Success - Binaural Beats & Isochronic Tones (With Subliminal Messages)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GhjXK0BmeYA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GhjXK0BmeYA"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["successful","be","great"]
date: "2022-05-23T03:33:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-09-11T13:19:10Z"
duration: "PT9H30M26S"
viewcount: "774861"
likeCount: "12375"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Minds in Unison"
---
{% raw %}Disclaimer: This recording should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. Click 'show more' below to read the full disclaimer. This MP3 is now available to DOWNLOAD 🎵 *** <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads">https://mindsinunison.com/hypnosis-mp3-downloads</a> ***🎵 Click to DOWNLOAD the MP3.<br /><br />Full disclaimer: This recording along with any other recordings on this channel should not be used as a substitute for any medical care you may be receiving. You should always refer to a doctor when necessary. Do not listen while driving or operating machinery, only listen in a place where you can relax and let go. If you need any help or advice, please contact me via my website at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me">https://mindsinunison.com/contact-me</a><br /><br />This recording uses both Binaural Beats and Isochronic Tones.<br /><br />This recording starts at a frequency of 2.75 hz (Delta) and slowly decreases over the course of 45 minutes, down to a frequency of 2.00 hz (Delta) for the remainder of the recording. This recording also contains subliminal messages. You will find the list of subliminal messages below.<br /><br />Got a query or need help? Click here for a list of FAQs: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/faqs">https://mindsinunison.com/faqs</a><br /><br />Here is a list of all the subliminal affirmations/messages in this recording.<br /><br />I feel good about myself<br /> <br />I am full of energy and motivation<br /> <br />I am grateful for the opportunities I’ve been given<br /> <br />I succeed in everything I do because I am the best<br /> <br />I am fully capable of achieving anything<br /> <br />I am excited about my achievements<br /> <br />I believe in myself and my abilities<br /> <br />I am a confident person<br /> <br />I always succeed in everything I do<br /> <br />I enjoy my success<br /> <br />I am a winner<br /> <br />I am full of positive energy<br /> <br />I am enthusiastic and determined <br /> <br />Being enthusiastic comes naturally to me<br /> <br />I am motivated towards being good at everything<br /> <br />I am motivated to achieve my goals<br /> <br />Achieving things makes me feel amazing<br /> <br />Achieving things makes me feel happy<br /> <br />I stay focused for as long as I want<br /> <br />I get things done<br /> <br />I focus on my priorities<br /> <br />I am a happy, fun and confident person<br /> <br />I am a calm confident person that is always in control<br /> <br />I am in total control of my destiny<br /> <br />I keep going until I achieve my goals<br /> <br />I make the most of every day<br /> <br />I feel good about myself<br /> <br />I feel good about my life<br /> <br />I am a happy person<br /> <br />I am a successful person that can achieve anything<br /> <br />My motivation grows stronger every day<br /> <br />I achieve anything I set my mind to<br /> <br />I am a go-getter<br /> <br />I am an amazing person<br /> <br />I am aware of how powerful my mind is<br /> <br />Every day is filled with amazing opportunities<br /> <br />I make the most of everyday<br /> <br />I am a strong-minded person that is full of motivation<br /> <br />I am in complete control of my life<br /> <br />I always stick to my goals<br /> <br />I focus on my goals<br /> <br />I am a powerful person that is full of motivation<br /> <br />I am a powerful person that is full of energy<br /> <br />I am a strong-minded person<br /> <br />People respect me because I achieve great things<br /> <br />I learn quickly<br /> <br />I am highly focused and dedicated<br /> <br />I am committed to being successful<br /> <br />I am successful<br /> <br />I stay focused for as long as I need to<br /> <br />I have total confidence in myself and my abilities<br /> <br />I am a confident person<br /> <br />I enjoy coming up with great ideas<br /> <br />I always come up with great ideas<br /> <br />I have the energy to achieve anything I want<br /> <br />I am motivated towards being good at everything<br /> <br />I am motivated to succeed<br /> <br />I am an intelligent person<br /> <br />I am a successful person<br /> <br />I have a very bright future<br /> <br />I have excellent communication skills<br /> <br />I make the most of every opportunity that comes my way<br /> <br />I learn something new every day<br /> <br />I deserve respect<br /> <br />I command respect<br /> <br />Everyone respects me<br /> <br />Everyone likes me<br /> <br />People respect and admire me<br /> <br />I have the energy to do anything<br /> <br />I have the confidence and enthusiasm to get things done<br /> <br />I can focus for long periods of time<br /> <br />I focus on the positives<br /> <br />I have very strong willpower<br /> <br />I have earned my success<br /> <br />When I wake up each morning, I am full of motivation<br /> <br />When I wake up each morning, I am full of energy<br /> <br />When I wake up each morning, I am ready for anything<br /><br />(((((All of the above are repeated throughout the recording)))))<br /><br />Subliminal messages, Binaural Beats, and Isochronic Tones by Minds in Unison. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://mindsinunison.com/">https://mindsinunison.com/</a> River sounds from pond5.com<br /><br />Royalty free music from Chris Collins, indiemusicbox.com<br />Everything is protected by copyright.{% endraw %}
