---
title: "How to Grow Your Natural 4C Hair FASTER and LONGER | 3  Essential Secrets to Natural Hair GROWTH"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/3x_crcOK6fo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "3x_crcOK6fo"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["how to grow long natural hair","how to grow long hair","how to grow healthy natural hair"]
date: "2022-02-20T15:55:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-19T23:12:37Z"
duration: "PT5M50S"
viewcount: "707"
likeCount: "100"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Jheri Johnson"
---
{% raw %}Ever wondered... Why Is My Hair NOT Growing Past A Certain Length? Here are the reason why and  My 4C Hair Growth Tips to Grow Healthy Natural Hair  Faster and Longer in 2022! <br /><br />If you have ever wondered how to grow long natural hair fast or  how to RETAIN natural hair thickness … Here’s the real tea on what you need to do! <br /><br />In Part 1 of “What I WISHED I Knew,” I explained how I grew my hair step by step and the lies about how to grow your natural hair thick and long.<br /><br />If you missed that video, it’s VITAL that you check it out to create REALISTIC hair growth expectations | <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ALs1mqLv4i4">https://youtu.be/ALs1mqLv4i4</a> <br /><br />➡️ Genetics and Hair Growth<br /><br />Genetic factors are responsible for the density, speed of growth, color and texture of hair.<br />If a parent has short hair most likely their child will have short hair if they inherit that specific gene yet there are a variety of other outcomes too.<br /><br />For example: a great grandparent could have had long hair which caused the child to have long hair despite the parents hair length.<br /><br />Every person is different but you can kind of predict what your time span will be based on your parents, grandparents and even farther down the line… in other words you have NO control over the speed of your hair growth.<br /><br />So focus on what you can control!<br /><br />➡️ Hair Growth Mistakes To Avoid <br /><br />STOP getting your hair TRIMMED to promote hair growth.<br /><br />Hair starts growing at the root of a hair follicle, NOT at the end of the hair strand. <br /><br />So cutting the ends of your hair (which remind you are not living entities) doesn't actually affect the follicles that are in charge of your hair's growth.<br /><br />While regular trims may not affect how fast or how much your hair grows, there’s no denying that they do help with your hair’s overall appearance and help eliminate split ends (to aid with retaining length).<br /><br />➡️ Hair growth tips for natural hair<br />Enjoy “the habit” of caring for your hair <br />Any hair growth tips for long and healthy hair or any hair growth methods for natural hair… only work if you are consistent <br />Don’t follow hair growth hacks to get faster results<br /><br />Do this if your hair isn’t growing and I guarantee it will grow! And I’m speaking from experience, this is actually HOW I GREW MY NATURAL 4C HAIR SUPER FAST AND LONG…genes and all!  <br /><br />Hope this helps! <br /><br />Xoxo,<br />Jheri J.<br /><br />P.S.<br /><br />In this video I also share my natural hair journey. Hair loss, Balding, Damage and Regrow!<br /><br />🙏 IF THIS HELPED YOU, PLEASE HELP ME GROW 🙏<br /><br />Please LIKE &amp; SHARE this video with someone else in need of this information, and /or on your social platforms!  <br /><br />#naturalhairtips #fasthairgrowth #naturalhairjourney #JheriJHairHacks{% endraw %}
