---
title: "VEHICLE THIEVES TAKEN DOWN HARD AFTER HIGHSPEED CHASE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/OAc7lL8-XUA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "OAc7lL8-XUA"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["hijacking","chase","speed"]
date: "2022-05-30T16:26:17+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-28T15:50:46Z"
duration: "PT9M58S"
viewcount: "16337"
likeCount: "943"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Anton Koen"
---
{% raw %}#crime #hijack #theft <br /><br />These suspects stole a Nissan 1400 bakkie in Boksburg. They were sought for various other serious even violent crimes. The SNIPR system identified them and alerted the SNIPR reactions teams of which Legendary Guardians are a part of in the Boksburg area.<br />The teams started the search for the vehicle and very soon it was spotted. The suspects realized they were spotted and a highspeed chase ensued.<br /><br />NoJack is a Vehicle and Asset Tracking company with various branches throughout South Africa.<br />NoJack tracks vehicles, trucks, trailers, boats, caravans, motorcycles, any cargo, <br />NoJack currently has a 99.9% recovery rate.<br />NoJack offers recovery services to their own clients as well as many other companies or people who require a recovery response service.<br />NoJack is registered by the PRIVATE SECURITY INDUSTRY REGULATORY AUTHORITY.<br /><br />VIDEOS AND CLIPS MAINLY RELATED TO SOUTH AFRICAN VEHICLE RELATED CRIME AND PURSUITS OF STOLEN OR HIJACKED VEHICLES BY NOJACK AND OTHER VEHICLE TRACKING AGENTS. EVEN SERIOUS CRIMES THAT  INCLUDE CIT ROBBERIES, HOME INVASIONS AND OTHER SCHEDULE 1 CRIMES THAT ARE IN PROGRESS ARE RESPONDED TO AS BACKUP TO AS PER THE CRIMINAL PROCEDURE ACT. WE ALSO GIVE ASSISTANCE TO VARIOUS LAW ENFORCEMENT AGENCIES WHEN ASKED TO DO SO.<br /><br />Our actions are in line with the South African Criminal Procedure Act, The PSIRA Act, The National Road Traffic Act and other relevant regulations. <br /><br />Under certain conditions such as displayed in many videos the responding members may seem to contravene certain laws. However when responding to schedule 1 offences there are grounds of justification provided for such acts, however these members will always take into consideration the safety of those around them.<br /><br />ARRESTS BY PRIVATE PERSONS<br /><br />Any private person (not law enforcement official) in South Africa may arrest someone for “any collaborating, enticing to commit a crime”  [2|3|5], such as within the list schedule 1 offences as per the Criminal Procedure Act of 1977 , Law 51 [2|3], and Criminal law amendment of 2007, section 3 and 4.<br /><br />42 Arrest by private person without warrant<br />(1) Any private person may without warrant arrest any person-<br />(a) who commits or attempts to commit in his presence or whom he reasonably suspects of having committed an offence referred to in Schedule 1;<br />(b) whom he reasonably believes to have committed any offence and to be escaping from and to be freshly pursued by a person whom such private person reasonably believes to have authority to arrest that person for that offence;<br />(c) whom he is by any law authorized to arrest without warrant in respect of any offence specified in that law;<br />(d) whom he sees engaged in an affray.<br />(2) Any private person who may without warrant arrest any person under subsection (1) (a) may forthwith pursue that person, and any other private person to whom the purpose of the pursuit has been made known, may join and assist<br />therein.<br />(3) The owner, lawful occupier or person in charge of property on or in respect of which any person is found committing any offence, and any person authorized thereto by such owner, occupier or person in charge, may without warrant arrest the person so found.<br /><br />Manner and effect of arrest<br />Criminal Procedure Act 51 of 1977 Arrest — Art 39<br />(1) An arrest shall be effected with or without a warrant and, unless the person to be arrested submits to custody, by actually touching his body or, if the circumstances so require, by forcibly confining his body.<br />(2) The person effecting an arrest shall, at the time of effecting the arrest or immediately after effecting the arrest, inform the arrested person of the cause of the arrest or, in the case of an arrest effected by virtue of a warrant, upon demand of the person arrested hand him a copy of the warrant.<br />(3) The effect of an arrest shall be that the person arrested shall be in lawful custody and that he shall be detained in custody until he is lawfully discharged or released from custody.<br />              <br />For More Information:<br />24/7 Call Centre: 0114201866<br />info@nojack.co.za<br />www.nojack.co.za<br /><br />FOR THE MOST EXCITING SOUTH AFRICAN REALITY YOUTUBE CHANNEL<br /><br />These videos are the property of NoJack Vehicle Tracking, and can only be used with our written consent.{% endraw %}
