---
title: "Most People Have No Idea About This!!! (Robert Kiyosaki on Wealth Management) - Financial IQ"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/jXH7gUV9yik\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "jXH7gUV9yik"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["investopads","robert kiyosaki","rich dad poor dad"]
date: "2022-03-27T15:29:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-27T03:11:06Z"
duration: "PT9M1S"
viewcount: "1353"
likeCount: "81"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "InvestoPads"
---
{% raw %}In this video, Robert Kiyosaki explains how to manage money, how to manage wealth, and why we need a good financial IQ. Robert talks about real estate investing as the most prominent way to get cash flow or become rich and Kiyosaki also talks about how to get cash flow and how manage cash flow to become millionaires. <br /><br />Robert Kiyosaki also explains how to borrow money by using debts and credit card. This is the most important video for our financial planning and financial education in life. <br /><br />Most People Have No Idea About This! (Robert Kiyosaki on Wealth Management)<br /><br /><br />▶▶Footage licensed through StoryBlock<br />Music licensed:<br />#RobertKiyosaki​ #financialplanning #cashflow<br />_______________________________________________________<br /><br />CREDIT*<br />Robert Kiyosaki on YouTube: @The Rich Dad Channel <br />Robert Kiyosaki: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/theRealKiyosaki?r...">https://twitter.com/theRealKiyosaki?r...</a><br /><br /><br />Business email: bprdmakeit@gmail.com<br /><br />Don't Forget To Subscribe For More: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/investopads">https://www.youtube.com/c/investopads</a><br /><br />If you’re new to this channel then I want to welcome you to “Investopads”. This channel is all about business/investing motivation, Audiobook, and money. Helping mainly entrepreneurs grow smarter and more financially stable in today’s society. We try our best to create the best inspirational videos/motivational videos to help to lift you up when you’re down and to inform you so that you can become a better person in business and in your life. <br /><br />We try our best to highlight legends such as Warren Buffet, Robert Kiyosaki, Graham Stephan, Dave Ramsey, Ray Dalio, and many more. So please be sure to hit the like button to show your gratefulness and be sure to subscribe for more from us.<br /><br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER <br />Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statutes that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favour of fair use. <br /><br />-This video has no negative impact on the original works (It would actually be positive for them) <br />-This video is also for teaching and inspirational purposes. <br />-It is not transformative in nature. <br />-We've only used bits and pieces of videos to get the point across where necessary.<br /><br />However, any issues, please knock at bprdmakeit@gmail.com<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: It's important to note that I am not a financial adviser and you should do your own research when picking stocks to invest in. These are just some of the viewpoints, by no means would I recommend watching one YouTube video and then immediately buying that stock. This video was made for educational and entertainment purposes only. Consult your financial adviser.<br /><br />DISCLOSURE<br />Some links may be affiliate links. We may get paid if you buy something using these links at no additional cost to you, full disclosure. We use these funds to help provide excellent content on the channel, thank you!<br /><br />Matching Keywords:<br />robert kiyosaki,rich dad poor dad,real estate investing,real estate,robert kiyosaki real estate investing,{% endraw %}
