---
title: "Today Bible Verse in Tamil I Today Bible Verse I Today's Bible Verse I Bible Verse Today I15.01.2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/1y7fETAASlM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "1y7fETAASlM"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["today bible verse in tamil","today bible verse","god's word for you today"]
date: "2022-01-15T06:07:37+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-14T18:30:04Z"
duration: "PT5M53S"
viewcount: "2868"
likeCount: "435"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Today Bible Verse in Tamil"
---
{% raw %}Today Bible Verse in Tamil I Today Bible Verse I Today's Bible Verse I Bible Verse Today I15.01.2022<br /><br />ENGLISH VERSION: Today's Bible Verse (15.01.2022):<br /><br />VERSE:<br />If the Son therefore shall make you free, ye shall be free indeed. (JOHN 8:36 KJV)<br /><br />EXPLANATION:<br />Why should you be bound by sin?  ... Verily, verily, I say unto you, Whosoever committeth sin is the servant of sin.  (John 8:34).  The devil who tempts us to sin unknowingly will enter us.  Yes, sin enters us little by little.  We read in Scripture how sin ruined Cain's life.<br /><br />Before Cain sinned, God warned him.  “Is it not superior if you do good?  If you do not do good, sin will lie in your doorstep;  His desire is to cling to you, and you will rule over him. &quot;(Genesis 4: 7). Did Cain ask? No, he would not have been punished if he had listened, but he did not listen.<br /><br />Sin affects us when we do not listen to the Word of God.  The only solution to get rid of sin is the Word of God.<br /><br />Once a servant of God met a friend of his.  She happily took him to a hotel.  Bought him coffee.  The friend said to him with great tears, “I am so indebted to your love;  But, I'm not as old as you think;  I, now immersed in the hut;  I became addicted to horse racing and fell;  I have a lot of debt because of this;  I probably could not even feed my family.”<br /><br />&quot;Why did you get into this situation?&quot;  The servant of God asked him.  “I joined so that I could participate in a little horse racing.  This is the end of the situation.&quot;<br /><br />Dear ones, yes!  Nothing starts small at first.  It will eventually lead to a terrible situation!  Jesus feels sorry for such ones too.  What kind of person are you?  Think about it.<br /><br />Jesus Christ bore our sins in His body.  The scripture says, &quot;... he it was that bore our sins in his own body on the cross&quot; ... (1 Peter 2:24).  Therefore, at the Lord’s feet, “Lord, I live in sin;  I lie dead in sin;  Touch me and redeem me. ”  &quot;... If the Son sets you free, you will be truly set free.&quot;  (John 8:36) The Bible says.  There are no bad habits in this world that he can not get rid of.<br /><br />No matter what bad habit you are involved in, just fall at his feet right now and say, &quot;I will not let you go unless you free me from this habit.&quot;  Then he will feel sorry for you.  What is the reason?  Jesus Christ patiently bore all our sins on the cross.<br /><br />So, you may have faith in what Jesus did for you.  And gain the strength to be free and to walk in the word of God.<br /><br />PRAYER:<br />Dear Heavenly Father! Thank you for giving me your word to make the right decisions.  Speak to me as you have spoken to biblical devotees.  Help me to listen to your soft voice.  Keep my ways.  Thank you for sacrificing the Lord Jesus Christ and forgiving my sins.  Give me your grace and strength to please you always in all things.  I pray in the name of Jesus Good Father, Amen!<br /><br />---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br /><br />Like, Comment, Share &amp; Subscribe to our Channel &quot;Today Bible Verse in Tamil&quot; (TBVT) : Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/c/todaybibleverseintamil">https://youtube.com/c/todaybibleverseintamil</a><br /><br />#todaybibleverseintamil <br />#todaybibleverse <br />#todaysbibleverse<br />#TBVT_TodaysBibleVerse<br />#TBVT_Todaysverse<br />#tbvt_january15<br />#todayverse<br />#TBVT<br />#TBVT_Today <br /><br />today bible verse in tamil,today bible verse,god's word for you today,bible verse today,tamil bible verse,indraya vasanam,today's bible verse,today bible verse tamil,bible verses tamil,today's bible verse in tamil,bible verse today in tamil,bible verse of the day,today's bible words,bible verse of today,daily bible verse tamil,today bible words,daily bible words,bible,today vasanam,today vasanam in tamil,bible verses,tamil bible,god's word today{% endraw %}
