---
title: "Impossible Miracles Occur, Attract Guardian Angels To Help You Achieve Your Objectives"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/l3lyCjRddzg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "l3lyCjRddzg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["manifest money","law of attraction success","how to forgive yourself for past mistakes"]
date: "2022-05-16T05:33:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-10T01:29:37Z"
duration: "PT2H15S"
viewcount: "26867"
likeCount: "1452"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Meditation For Inner Peace"
---
{% raw %}🙏 Namaste, <br />Thank you for visiting the calmest location on the internet, Meditation For Inner Peace, which offers Peaceful Music for Relaxation, Sleep, and Meditation. These meditation musics aid in mind relaxation and detachment from unwanted thoughts and over-thinking.<br />You've come for healing and relaxation, and meditation music will help you relax your body, soul, and mind.<br />It helps you get greater clarity and a more balanced inner mind, as well as put you in a more productive frame of mind.<br /><br />Come and join me in the fight against anxiety. These Meditation musics can be used for Study, Sleep Concentration, Healing, Focus and Relaxation, Overcoming OCD, ADHD, Alleviating Anxiety and Depression, and Overcoming OCD, ADHD, Alleviating Anxiety and Depression.<br />Meditation music assists you in becoming quiet, aware, and accepting of oneself, resulting in improved physical and mental health and the ability to live in the present now. Remove all anxiety and tension from your life.<br /><br />To help you sleep better, reach Zen, conquer insomnia, and encourage lucid dreams, listen to our delta waves, Binaural beats, and relaxing music.<br />__________________________________<br />Thank you for watching this video, click the &quot;SUBSCRIBE&quot; button to stay connected with this channel<br />Don't forget to tell me your opinion in the comments below. <br />__________________________________<br />These are the Solfeggio frequencies and their associated properties:<br />396 Hz: liberation from negative feelings<br />417 Hz: transformation and fixing broken situations<br />528 Hz: miracles and DNA repair<br />639 Hz: interpersonal relationships<br />741 Hz: solving problems, solutions, creative expression<br />852 Hz: spiritual enlightenment<br />__________________________________<br />Our expert composers composed our meditation music.<br />Copying, selling, re-uploading, and sampling without permission are strictly prohibited.<br />All Rights Reserved Copyright © 2022 Meditation for inner peace<br />All photos and video are used in strict accordance with the relevant permissions and licenses required by YouTube Partner Program, Community rules, and YouTube terms of service.<br />__________________________________<br />WE DO NOT RECOMMEND LISTENING TO MUSIC WITH FREQUENCIES IF YOU HAVE EPILEPSY.<br />Please consult your doctor before listening to our meditation musics if you have any worries or health difficulties.<br />The information presented here is not intended to replace the advise of a properly certified and licensed physician or other health care provider.<br />The information presented here is solely for educational purposes. <br />WHILE LISTENING TO OUR RELAXING BINAURAL BEATS, DO NOT DRIVE. <br />__________________________________<br />For Business Inquiries: <br />👉 ►meditationforinnerpeace@gmail.com{% endraw %}
