---
title: "Be Your Own Insurance Company - Steve Savant’s Money, the Name of the Game – Part 1 of 5"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/-iQa6PnJg-c\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "-iQa6PnJg-c"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Steve Savant’s Money the Name of the Game","Steve Savant","Wes Sierk"]
date: "2022-03-28T03:16:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-05-10T18:31:16Z"
duration: "PT10M15S"
viewcount: "13210"
likeCount: "232"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Steve Savant"
---
{% raw %}Sub Headline: Captive Insurance Companies, the Business Alternative <br /><br />Synopsis: Businesses dread paying insurance premiums to protect their company from economic disaster if a catastrophic claim occurs. This is especially true for businesses that manage their risk well and little to no extraordinary claims. But many well-run businesses could be their own insurance company and profit from the savings. Watch the interview with Chartered Financial Consultant and Captive Insurance Company expert R. Wesley Sierk III.<br /><br />Content: A captive insurer (or “captive”) is a special-purpose insurance company formed primarily to underwrite the risks of its parent or affiliated groups. It is quite similar to a traditional, commercial insurance company in that it is licensed as an insurance company, it sets insurance-premium rates for the risks it chooses to underwrite, writes policies for the risks it insures, collects premiums and pays out claims made against those policies. The biggest difference between a captive insurer and a commercial insurance company is that a captive cannot sell insurance to the general public.  It can only underwrite the risks of its parent organization or related entities. Another key difference is that the regulations governing captive insurance companies are typically less onerous than those regulations governing traditional commercial carriers.<br /><br />At its most basic level a “pure” captive works like this: A corporation with one or more subsidiaries sets up a captive insurance company as a wholly owned subsidiary. The captive<br />is capitalized and domiciled in a jurisdiction with captive-enabling legislation which allows the captive to operate as a licensed insurer. The parent identifies the risks of its subsidiaries that it wants the captive to underwrite. The captive evaluates the risks, writes policies, sets premium levels and accepts premium payments. The subsidiaries then pay the captive tax-deductible premium payments and the captive, like any insurer, invests the premium payments for future claim payouts.<br /><br />Like most innovations, captive insurance companies were created to solve a set of problems; in this case, risk-financing problems we didn’t know we had until we started thinking about managing and financing risk. <br /><br />The content of this press release is from the book Taken Captive by R. Wesley Sierk III and available on Amazon.com.<br /><br />Syndicated financial columnist Steve Savant interviews best selling author, popular platform speaker and Captive Insurance expert Wes Sierk. Steve Savant’s Money, the Name of the Game is an hour-long financial talk show for consumers distributed online in 5 ten-minute video press releases Monday through Friday to 280 media outlets, social media networks and industry portals. (www.lifesizesolutions.com) <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/-iQa6PnJg-c">https://youtu.be/-iQa6PnJg-c</a>{% endraw %}
