---
title: "Greatest Hits 1960s One Hits Wonder Of All Time - The Best Of 60s Old Music Hits Playlist Ever"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/zlY1Vt1vDfo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "zlY1Vt1vDfo"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["60s One Hit Wonders","greatest hits 60s","Music Hits 60s"]
date: "2022-03-12T14:35:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-19T19:00:12Z"
duration: "PT49M33S"
viewcount: "1395989"
likeCount: "15831"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Music Hits"
---
{% raw %}Greatest Hits 1960s One Hits Wonder Of All Time - The Best Of 60s Old Music Hits Playlist Ever<br /><br />© Follow My Channel <br />►Youtube → <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3cyv9Xk">https://bit.ly/3cyv9Xk</a><br />► Thank you for watching the video, do not forget to Like, Comment, Share and Subscribe to My Channel<br />◢ Please Share this Video on Social sites (Facebook, Google +, Twitter etc.)<br />to more people could listen it.<br />------------------------------------------------<br />A list of the greatest Songs by 60s One-Hit Wonders. Are you looking for that special song to play for a special occasion? Browse through this list of the greatest songs by one-hit 1960s wonders, and you may just find that one special nostalgic song that you haven’t heard in a long time. Ranked in order of the most popular one-hit song wonders to the least popular, you can see which 60s songs are favorites by viewers just like you.<br /><br />Do you not see your favorite one-hit 60s song on the list? Go ahead and add it to the list so that others can listen to it as well. Music truly does soothe the soul and is the perfect way to turn a stressful day into a great one. There are many different types of music in the world, and some song artists have fared better than others. Although the artists with one-hit wonders may not have been able to repeat their performance with other songs, many of these great one-hit song artists have made a lasting impact on their fans.<br /><br />Who hasn’t heard the popular hits from the 60s like “On Top of Spaghetti” by Tom Glazer and the Do-Re-Mi Children’s Chorus, and “Tie Me Kangaroo Down, Sport” by Rolf Harris? Although these artists theoretically only had one big hit in their singing career, they brought special songs to life that bring back memories of familiar shows and innocent times. Remembered throughout the ages, these artists made a lasting impression with their well-treasured 60s hits.<br />------------------------------------------------<br />[00:00:00] - Runaway - Del Shannon<br />[00:02:18] - Dominique - The Singing Nun<br />[00:04:26] - Spirit In The Sky - Norman Greenbaum<br />[00:07:44] - Rhythm of the Rain - The Cascades<br />[00:10:32] - (Just Like) Romeo and Juliet - The Reflections<br />[00:12:33] - Summertime Blues - Eddie Cochran<br />[00:14:20] - What's Your Name - Don and Juan<br />[00:16:24] - Then You Can Tell Me Goodbye - The Casinos<br />[00:19:26] - (We Ain't Got) Nothin' Yet - Blues Magoos<br />[00:21:18] - You Were On My Mind - We Five<br />[00:23:37] - Time Has Come Today - Chambers Brothers<br />[00:27:24] - Purple People Eater - Sheb Wooley<br />[00:29:23] - Dirty Water - The Standells<br />[00:32:23] - Everyone's Gone to the Moon - Jonathan King<br />[00:34:28] - A Whiter Shade of Pale - Procol Harum<br />[00:39:03] - Venus - Shocking Blue<br />[00:41:59] - Come On Down To My Boat - The Rare Breed<br />[00:43:59] - Lies - The Knickerbockers<br />[00:46:38] - OUR DAY WILL COME - RUBY &amp; THE ROMANTICS<br />[00:49:10] - Expressway To Your Heart - The Soul Survivors<br />[00:51:21] - The Lion Sleeps Tonight - Jay Siegel's Tokens<br />[00:54:07] - Suspicion - Terry Stafford<br />[00:56:11] - Pretty Little Angel Eyes - Curtis Lee<br />[00:58:33] - Stay - Maurice Williams and the Zodiacs<br />[01:01:08] - Keep on Dancing - The Gentrys<br /><br />60s One Hit Wonders,greatest hits 60s, Music Hits 60s, Golden hits back 1960s, Golden Oldies 60s, Oldies but Goodies 60s, 60s Of All Songs, 60s oldies songs, 60s olsdies music, 1960s Greatest Hits, Songs Of 1960s, Old Songs, 60s songs, 60s hits, 60s songs playlist, greatest hits of 60s, Best 60s Greatest Hits, Best Songs Of 1960s, Top Songs Of 1960s, Best Old Songs, Top Old Songs, Greatest Old Songs, Old Songs All Time, Best 60s songs, Top 60s songs, Greatest 60s songs, Best 60s music hits, Top 60s music hits, Greatest 60s music hits, Best 60s hits, Top 60s hits, Best 60s songs playlist, love songs, 60s, 60 music hits,{% endraw %}
