---
title: "10 Ways Your Cat Is Asking For Help"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vlRlrjiH9rU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vlRlrjiH9rU"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["inforama","info rama","fun facts"]
date: "2022-05-13T21:41:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-12T13:00:35Z"
duration: "PT8M41S"
viewcount: "17211"
likeCount: "437"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Inforama"
---
{% raw %}Cats have long been notorious for being stone-hearted, with a lone ranger personality. It's a running gag, really. Your dog greets you with hugs and kisses, while your cat plots your murder.<br />It was humorous for a while, until people actually started to believe it as fact.<br />Let this be the video to tell you once and for all that cats are absolute sweethearts!<br />When was the last time your cat came up to you asking for help? Odds are you probably can't remember. Do cats ever ask for help?<br />Yes, yes they do! In today's video, we're looking at ten ways cats come up to their humans and ask for help. From meows to aggressive stares, here are all the ways your feline friend asks for assistance. <br /><br />10. Peeing Over Your Possessions<br />You'd think that a cat that pees all over the sofa or your bed is doing so just to spite you. You couldn't be any further from the truth! <br />Cats are creatures of habit. If you've litter trained your cat then there's absolutely no chance they'd pee anywhere besides in their litter box - that is unless they're asking for help.<br />How does peeing over your possessions translate as wanting help? Well, recall that cats don't break character until they're absolutely forced to do so.<br />In this case, your cat might have a urinary tract infection that causes discomfort when they pee. Now, your cat can't grasp the concept of kidney stones, but what they can understand is that everytime they pee in their litter box, they feel a burning sensation. <br />The litter box therefore becomes the culprit in their eyes! <br />Likewise, if your pet has been peeing blood for some time, they might start peeing where they know you'll look, that is your bed! They'll try to get your attention by literally showing you the problem.<br />Other signs to look out for in cats with kidney stones is dehydration, frequent thirst, and wailing while peeing. <br /><br />9. What Does Meow Mean?<br />The Egyptians, some hundreds of centuries ago, first began to fantasize about a cat's meow. Now, we're in the twenty-first century, yet we can't figure out what that word means!<br />Well, it doesn't mean anything in particular. <br />You might have noticed that adult cats don't ever meow at one another. This eliminates the possibility of a meow being a form of communication between cats. Which leaves us with one thing: its a form of communication with humans!<br />The meow is what cats use to talk to humans, and it could mean an array of things. From feeding me, to bathing me, to helping me.<br />Regarding the latter, when a cat is asking for help, the way they meow becomes significantly different. Your cat will meow a bit louder, somewhat of a wail. They'll They'll this until they finally get your attention. <br /><br />8. The Third Eyelid<br />Cats are pretty amazing. Seriously, they're great! Cats have exceptional skill and the way they function is unlike any other animal. A third eyelid is a pretty common thing for most animals - it keeps dust from getting into their eyes. But, have you ever actually seen their third eyelid?<br />You probably haven't, not unless your cat has been asking for help. Cats show their third eyelid when they have an inflammation in their eyes, conjunctivitis, or something got stuck in their eyes.<br />They'll look at you with their third eyelid I sight so you'll be able to tell that something is amiss and come to their aid. <br /><br />7. Shifting Behavior<br />If you put your cat's food bowl in the right corner of the room, but then move it to the left corner a month later, your cat will probably hiss at you. Cats are creatures of habit. They don't like shifting their behavior or habits for nothing. <br />In this case your cat will pester on to have the food bowl placed back in the right corner again. This doesn't mean that they're fussy, just that they're used to a certain pattern.<br />Now, if your cat shifts their behavior such as staying inside all the time, sleeping all of the day, or not eating, then there's probably something amiss. As a responsible cat parent, you need to be vigilant and stay on top of things. Which, in this case, would be inspecting shifts in your cat's behaviour.{% endraw %}
