---
title: "How to use Tamsulosin? - uses, side effects, dosage - Doctor explains"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/blfj-3TtmXM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "blfj-3TtmXM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["tamsulosin","tamsulosin hcl","tamsulosin hcl 0.4 mg"]
date: "2022-01-19T15:05:34+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-19T11:00:16Z"
duration: "PT3M56S"
viewcount: "49"
likeCount: "7"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "HOW TO MEDICATE"
---
{% raw %}In this video we will cover everything you need to know about Tamsulosin, also known as Flomax. We will discuss how and when to use it, we will cover its side effects, dosage and much, much more. So make sure to watch the whole video so you don’t miss any important information.  <br /><br />Generic name: Tamsulosin.<br />Brand names: Flomax and Omnic. <br />Available as a modified release tablet or capsule.<br /><br />How to use it?<br />- Swallow the capsule or tablet whole with water, without chewing or biting on it. As this can decrease the effectivity. If you have trouble swallowing the capsule, you can open it and take the granules inside of the capsule without chewing on them. <br />In addition, it is preferable to take this drug after a meal, at a fixed time. This minimize the chance that you forget to take it.<br /><br />When to use it?<br />Tamsulosin can cause relaxation of the muscles in the prostate, urethra and in the muscles surround blood vessels. This can improve urine flow and it may lower your blood pressure. <br />Therefore Tamsulosin is mostly used to treat:<br />- Lower urinary tract symptoms related to an enlarged prostate.<br />- And it can help to discharge of kidney stones in both men and women. <br /><br />What is the correct dosage?<br />The precise dose will depend on your specific indication of use, the side effect you might experience and the severity of your symptoms. Therefore always use the precise amount and frequency your doctor prescribed you.<br /><br />- However, when treating peeing problems in men with an enlarged prostate or when prescribed to discharge kidney stones, your doctor will usually prescribe a dose of 0,4mg 1x per day.  <br /><br />What are the side-effects?<br />- Common (1-10%): dizziness and ejaculation problems.<br />- Uncommon (0.1-1%): hypersensitivity reactions (rash, itching), low blood pressure, palpitations, headache, nausea, vomiting, diarrhea, constipation and rhinitis.<br />- Rare (0.01-0.1%): severe allergic reactions and fainting.<br />- Very rare (0.01%): prolonged erection and Stevens-Johnson syndrome.<br /><br />Safety:<br />First of all, the first days of use tamsulosin can cause dizziness. If you experience this, please do not drive as this could be dangerous. <br />Furthermore, combining tamsulosin with alcohol, can increase its side effects. So take proper care when doing so. <br />In addition, tamsulosin can have interactions with other drugs your are taking. always discuss this with your prescribing doctor. <br /><br />- Disclaimer: this video and the comments are meant purely informational! This is not medical advice! If you are looking for medical advice always contact your own doctor. -<br /><br />I want to give special thanks to my sponsors on Patreon:<br />- Sebastian Houwing: Investor<br /><br />Literature: <br />1: Farmacotherapeutisch Kompas. (2021). Tamsulosine.<br />2: Apotheek.nl (2021). Tamsulosine. <br /><br />* The images in this video are used for educational purposes only. Most of the images and videos in this video come from <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.canva.com/.">https://www.canva.com/.</a> <br /><br />Music:<br />1. Polaroid Memories - DivKid<br /><br />Follow me on instagram: @HOWTOMEDICATE<br />Follow me on twitter: @HOWTOMEDICATE<br />Support me on Patreon: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/howtomedicate">https://www.patreon.com/howtomedicate</a>{% endraw %}
