---
title: "all about cabbage. health benefits, how to take in your diet, which one is healthy"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/bBml1TA2N-I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "bBml1TA2N-I"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["#glutamine","#anthocyanin","#phytonutrient"]
date: "2022-03-21T09:40:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-18T11:36:37Z"
duration: "PT6M3S"
viewcount: "112"
likeCount: "37"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Health and beauty corner online"
---
{% raw %}#glutamine #anthocyanin #phytonutrient #anticancer #antiinflammatory #cabbage #food #foodie #foodporn #foodphotography #instafood #healthyfood #carrots #yummy #vegan #dinner #vegetables #homemade #healthylifestyle #cauliflower #foodstagram #delicious #homecooking #salad #lunch #veggies #broccoli #vegetarian #cooking #foodblogger #tomato #carrot #gardening #rice #drericberg #drmikehasien #healthandbeautycorneronline<br /><br /> Cabbage is one of the cruciferous vegetables. It comes in variety of shapes and colours including green, purple that has anti-cancer and other properties. It also helps healing your intestinal lining it has a natural chemical called glutamine and it’s wonderful for things like ulcer or leaky gut or irritable bowel syndrome, gastritis, or acid reflux so anything that’s going on with an intestinal wall cabbage is a great remedy. <br />It may help keep inflammation in check:<br />Inflammation is not always a bad thing. In fact, our body relies on the inflammatory response to protect against infection or speed up healing. This kind of acute inflammation is a normal response to an injury or infection. On the other hand, chronic inflammation that occurs over a long period of time is associated with many diseases, including heart disease, rheumatoid arthritis, and inflammatory bowel diseases. Cruciferous vegetables like cabbage contain many different antioxidants that have been shown to reduce chronic inflammation. Research suggest that eating more cruciferous vegetables reduces certain blood markers of inflammation.<br />Cabbage is packed with vitamin C: Vitamin C also known as ascorbic acid is a water-soluble vitamin that serves many important roles in the body. For instance, it’s needed to make collagen, the most abundant protein in the body. Collagen gives structure and flexibility to the skin and is critical for the proper functioning of the bones, muscles, and blood vessels. Additionally vitamin C helps the body absorb non-heme iron, the type of iron found in plant foods. Vitamin C works to protect the body from damage caused by free radicals, which has been associated with many chronic diseases including cancer. <br />It helps improve digestion: If you want to improve your digestive health, fibre rich cabbage is the way to go. This crunchy vegetable is full of gut friendly insoluble fibre, a type of carbohydrate that can’t be broken down in the intestine. Insoluble fibre helps keep the digestive system healthy by adding bulk to stools and promoting regular bowel movements. It’s rich in soluble fibre, which has been shown to increase the number of beneficial bacteria in the gut. This is because fibre is the main fuel source for friendly species like Bifidobacterial and lactobacilli. These bacteria perform important functions and producing critical nutrients like vitamin K2 and B12.<br />May lower blood pressure: High blood pressure affects more than one billion people worldwide and is a major risk factor for heart disease and stroke. Potassium helps keep blood pressure within a healthy range. Increasing your intake of potassium rich foods like cabbage may help lower high blood pressure levels.<br /> Let see which one healthier green or purple:<br />In red cabbage we have ten times more vitamin A than in green cabbage but off Couse that vitamin A is a pre vitamin A it’s beta-carotene it’s not retinol so it has to be converted into the active form but still there’s many benefits of beta carotene also red cabbage have more vitamin C. Sauerkraut which is fermented cabbage can provide 750 milligrams of vitamin C, so when you ferment it you really enhance the amount of vitamin C , red cabbage has vital nutrient called anthocyanins which have certain properties like anti- cancer, anti-inflammatory, decrease free radical damage, green cabbage has a lot of phytonutrients as well both of them have a compound called Cinna green which is vital nutrient and anti-cancer , there is also polyphenols and flavonoids in both types of cabbage. They both have dim which is a concentrated compound in a lot of cruciferous vegetables which is good to help balance oestrogen dominance. Cabbage is good for blood sugar. Consume both types of cabbage as both are full of nutrients.<br />How to take cabbage in diet: You can take it in coleslaw or just in a salad but if you cook cabbage do not overcook because you want to retain those properties you can take sauerkraut that’s fermented cabbage.<br />However, eating large quantities of cabbage can cause negative side effects, such as flatulence, diarrhoea, medication interaction and hypothyroidism.<br />Disclaimer: None of the information on our videos is a substitute for a diagnosis and treatment by your health professional. Always seek the advice of your physician or other qualified health provider prior to starting any new diet or treatment.{% endraw %}
