---
title: "New footage of Putin bizarrely twisting his foot and seemingly struggling with jerky leg movements"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BJqJL4A3C80\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BJqJL4A3C80"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Putin bizarrely twisting his foot","Putin rumours about health","rumours about Vladimir's health"]
date: "2022-05-19T06:27:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-17T12:03:01Z"
duration: "PT46S"
viewcount: "10127"
likeCount: "13"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Storyful Media"
---
{% raw %}New footage of Putin bizarrely twisting his foot - which even causes Tajikistan president to stare at the odd movement - adds further weight to rumours about Vladimir's health<br />The clip was taken yesterday as Putin met with his counterpart from Tajikistan<br />Russian leader's left foot repeatedly twitched as his knee collapsed inward<br />There are several examples of Putin unsteady on his legs with twitching feet <br />Restless leg syndrome is a symptom of Parkinson's - something experts have cited as an ailment that Putin could be facing along with cancer<br /><br />New footage of Vladimir Putin bizarrely twisting his foot and seemingly struggling with jerky leg movements has further stoked rumours the Russian President may be experiencing a sharp decline in health. <br /><br />The clip, taken yesterday as Putin met with his counterpart from Tajikistan, Emomali Rahmon, showed the Russian leader's left foot repeatedly raising and lowering as his knee collapsed inward.<br /><br /><br />Putin later adjusted his position in the chair and settled his foot firmly on the ground as he spoke with Rahmon about the development of relations between Russia and Tajikistan, but his leg appeared to go on twitching.<br /><br />The strange movements caught the eye of the Tajik leader, who appeared somewhat unsettled as he looked down and watched Putin's foot erratically flexing. <br /><br />There has been much speculation on the state of the Russian President's health in recent weeks with health experts, politicians and even exiled Russian businessmen claiming he is likely battling a severe illness.<br /><br />Parkinson's disease - a brain disorder which affects motor skills - is one condition frequently cited by commentators which Putin could be facing.<br /><br />Restless legs syndrome - an uncontrollable urge to move ones lower limbs and feet - is a symptom often exhibited by Parkinson's sufferers.<br />he clip from yesterday's meeting between Putin and the Tajik president is the latest in a stream of videos and images in which the Russian leader appears uncomfortable and frail.<br />Two years before he decided to invade Ukraine, rumours began swirling about Putin's health including suggestions he had undergone cancer surgery.<br /><br />Valery Solovey, a political analyst and prominent Putin critic, began spreading the rumour in late 2020 while also suggesting he was suffering from Parkinson's.<br /><br />The rumours gained such traction that the Kremlin was forced to go on record and deny them, with Putin spokesman Dmitry Peskov insisting his boss was in 'excellent health' and any suggestion to the contrary was 'complete nonsense'.<br /><br />But the whispering has steadfastly refused to die out and has intensified since the war in Ukraine began, with critics suggesting that Putin looks unwell in many of his televised appearances.<br /><br />To add to speculation over his health, Putin last week missed an annual ice hockey match where he usually plays the starring role.<br /><br />The Russian leader has made a habit of gliding over the ice at an annual match during Russia's Night Hockey League National Festival in May.<br /><br />But this year he instead sent a video message wishing competitors in Sochi 'good luck in their ice battles' - despite being in the same city where the match took place.<br /><br />It is only the second time that the President has missed the game since 2012, with the first instance being due to health problems.<br /><br />In May 2021, Putin boasted that ice hockey offered him longevity, and he used his appearance to scotch rumours over his health at the time.<br /><br />At Russia's Victory Day celebrations on May 9, the 69-year-old delivered a speech in which he projected an image of Russian strength and military might despite the faltering war in Ukraine.<br /><br />But at several points - including as he left a speaking podium and went to the Tomb of the Unknown Solider to lay a wreath - Putin appeared to be walking with a heavy step, as if trying to disguise a limp.<br /><br />During the parade itself, he was seen sitting with a heavy blanket across his knees despite geriatric war veterans being sat around him with their laps uncovered.<br /><br />In late April, Putin was filmed speaking with defence minister Sergei Shoigu at the Kremlin but appeared bloated and uncomfortable as he gripped the table throughout the entire meeting.<br /><br />Putin's uncharacteristically puffy face and neck sparked claims he is undergoing steroid treatment, whilst reports have suggested Putin is 'constantly' accompanied by a doctor specialising in thyroid cancer.<br /><br />Surgeon Yevgeny Selivanov, of Moscow's Central Clinical Hospital, has flown to the Black Sea resort Sochi - one of Putin's preferred residences - dozens of times in recent years.<br /><br />The respected doctor's thesis - showing his area of medical expertise - was entitled: 'Peculiarities of diagnostics and surgical treatment of elderly and senile patients with thyroid cancer'.{% endraw %}
