---
title: "The 10 Powerful Weapons Of NATO"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Z4jqqMKnQso\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Z4jqqMKnQso"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["The 10 Powerful Weapons Of NATO","top 10 NATO weapons","most powerful weapons of NATO"]
date: "2022-04-17T09:35:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-15T12:30:22Z"
duration: "PT8M38S"
viewcount: "17956"
likeCount: "575"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Buzz"
---
{% raw %}The 12 founding member countries of NATO are Belgium, Canada, Denmark, France, Iceland, Italy, Luxembourg, Netherlands, Norway, Portugal, the United Kingdom, and the United States. NATO also has a list of aspiring members, including Bosnia and Herzegovina, Georgia, Macedonia, and Ukraine, which may one day become full NATO members.<br /><br />Is Ukraine part of NATO?<br />Not yet, but it is in the process of joining. Ukraine joined NATO's Partnership for Peace program in 1994 and applied to join the NATO Membership Action Plan (MAP) in 2008. The 2010 presidential election of Viktor Yanukovych, who wanted to keep the country non-aligned, delayed Ukraine's progress toward U.N. membership. However, after two important events in 2014—Russia's invasion of Ukraine's Crimean peninsula and a national election—Ukraine's new government renewed and prioritized efforts to join NATO. According to a 2017 poll, 69% of Ukrainians support joining NATO. Ukraine became a NATO aspiring member in 2018. On February 7, 2019, the Ukrainian parliament voted to change its constitution to affirm its intention to join NATO and the European Union.<br /><br />Is Russia part of NATO?<br />No, Russia is not part of NATO. In fact, the Russian government's perceived aggressiveness is the main issue NATO was founded to counteract. Despite this, Russia has historically at least given the appearance of cooperation with NATO. Russia and NATO established the North Atlantic Cooperation Council in 1991, and Russia joined the Partnership for Peace program in 1994. The establishment of the Russia-NATO Council to address security issues and collaborate on joint projects followed in 2002. NATO suspended cooperation with Russia in 2014 following Russia's invasion of Crimea, not including the NATO-Russia Council. Russia and NATO have held several meetings since 2017, and NATO states that an improvement in their relationship with Russia is dependent on Russia's compliance with international law and its commitments. In October 2021, NATO expelled eight Russians from its Brussels, Belgium headquarters amid concerns that they were undeclared intelligence agents. Russia responded by suspending relations with NATO.<br /><br />Let us know in case we miss out on the credits.<br />————————————<br />FAIR-USE COPYRIGHT DISCLAIMER<br /> * Copyright Disclaimer under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for criticism, commenting, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational, or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use. <br />The Buzz does not own the rights to these videos and pictures. They have, in accordance with fair use, been repurposed with the intent of educating and inspiring others. However, if any content owners would like their images removed, please contact us by email at-thebuzz938@gmail.com.<br />————————————{% endraw %}
