---
title: "IPINAKITA ANG CORVETTE MODEL NG HYUNDAI SA PHILIPPINE NAVY || MILITARY NEWS"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/oyjkses74rI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "oyjkses74rI"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["philippine navy","good news philippines","west philippine sea"]
date: "2022-04-30T21:43:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-30T10:09:26Z"
duration: "PT4M40S"
viewcount: "2654"
likeCount: "113"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "WEST PHIL POST"
---
{% raw %}Hyundai Heavy Industries showed the scale model of the HDC-3100/HDF-3100 corvette that they will work for the Philippine Navy for its Corvette Acquisition Project.<br />Furthermore, it is intriguing that they showed it one next to the other with the HDF-2600 frigate plan which is utilized for the Jose Rizal-class frigate.<br />Among the things we took note:<br />1. Clearly the HDC-3100/HDF-3100 is longer than the HDF-2600, as the corvette is around 8 meters longer in light of past declarations by HHI.<br />The length of the VLS stage, the space for against transport rocket launchers, and a more drawn out helideck added to the expanded in general length of the corvette.<br />2. MaxDefense PH recently noticed that the helideck seems, by all accounts, to be inadequate long on the HDF-2600/Jose Rizal-class that makes it less safe for longer helicopters like the MH-60R Seahawk to work it. The expanded landing deck has all the earmarks of being presently agreeable to Sikorsky's suggested helideck length.<br />3. The cover on the superstructure midriff (pipe region) was remembered for this new plan which we featured back in 2018, and its presently truly better looking and likely decreased the radar cross-segment of the corvette contrasted with the HDF-2600/Jose Rizal-class.<br />4. The air/surface hunt radar board currently gives off an impression of being equivalent to the one utilized in the IAI Elta ELM-2258 ALPHA 3D AESA radar that was as of late reported for establishment on the new corvettes. Recollect that underlying CGI in addition to data from our sources at first point at the Hensoldt TRS-4D AESA radar which has a rectangular board as opposed to trapezoidal as it shows now.<br />5. The optional 30mm firearm gives off an impression of being rejected in the corvette. This is astonishing since the PN initially needed 1 or 2 of them in each boat as progress over the Jose Rizal-class, which just has 1 x 30mm firearm.<br />6. The superstructure plan on the helicopter overhang is likewise not the same as the HDF-2600/Jose Rizal-class. It is significantly more streamlined because of the shortfall of the 30mm weapon, permitting the CIWS to sit lower on the deck as opposed to on a platform.<br />7. 76mm weapon seems to be the Hyundai WIA model, however like what occurred on the Jose Rizal-class, in the end the conveyed model is the 76mm Oto Melara Super Rapid firearm, which is the model chosen by the Philippine Navy.<br />Photograph credits to MDP people group individuals who wish to stay mysterious.<br /><br />#MaxDefense #MaxDefensePH #PhilippineNavy #PNCorvetteAcquisition #Horizon2 #RAFPMP #HyundaiHeavyIndustries #HHI #HDC3100 #HDF2600 #JoseRizalClass #HDF3100<br /><br />Related channels: <br />Top pick<br />Da-real military channel<br />Good news Philippines<br />Maki trip<br />Yul macho<br />Max defense philippines<br />Update philippines<br /><br />Keyword: <br />Corvette<br />Hyundai <br />Hyunda Heavy Industry<br />Corvette acquisition project<br />Philippine navy<br />AFP Modernization<br />Modernization program<br />AFP modernization program<br />Corvette model<br />Military<br />Military news<br />AFP<br />Philippine airforce<br />AFP modernization program update<br />Horizon 1 <br />Horizon 2<br />Horizon 3<br />Horizon 2 update<br />Philippine military<br />philippine military update 2022<br />Philippine military power update<br />Marcos<br />Duterte<br />Duterte administration<br />duterte time<br /><br /><br />Related channel:<br /> @GOOD News Philippines   @Pacific Defense PH   @TopPICK   @DA-REAL Military Channel  <br /><br />Facebook page: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/West-Phil-Po...">https://www.facebook.com/West-Phil-Po...</a>{% endraw %}
