---
title: "Funny Doritos Crash The Super Bowl Commercials Contest Finalists"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8VCWn_Hofxo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8VCWn_Hofxo"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["crash the super bowl","doritos","super bowl"]
date: "2022-05-30T17:37:11+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-30T14:39:30Z"
duration: "PT23M31S"
viewcount: "2163844"
likeCount: "14823"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Funny Commercials"
---
{% raw %}Doritos Crash The Super Bowl contest was an annual online commercial competition run by Frito-Lay. Consumers were invited to create their own Doritos ads and each year, at least one fan-made commercial was guaranteed to air during the Super Bowl. In later editions of the contest, #Doritos offered bonus prizes ranging from $400,000 to $1,000,000. Eight editions of the Crash the Super Bowl commercial contest were held between 2006 and 2016 and, during that time, fans submitted more than 36,000 entries.<br /><br />On September 9, 2015, Frito-Lay announced that the 2016 Crash the Super Bowl contest would be the final edition of the contest. As this was the final Crash The #SuperBowl competition, the judges chose two commercials to be aired. The grand prize winner was  &quot;Doritos Dogs&quot; by Jacob Chase.<br /><br />Doritos is an American brand of flavored tortilla chips produced since 1964 by Frito-Lay, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PepsiCo. The original Doritos were not flavored. The first flavor was Taco, released in 1967, though other flavors have since debuted for the company. The concept for Doritos originated in a restaurant at Disneyland. <br />Visit Dorito's official website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.doritos.com/">https://www.doritos.com/</a><br /><br />Doritos has also gained notoriety for its marketing campaigns, including many ads aired during the Super Bowl.<br /><br />What are the Flavours of Doritos?<br /><br />☑️ DORITOS FLAMIN' HOT Nacho Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS FLAMIN' HOT Limón Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS Nacho Cheese Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS COOL RANCH Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS Spicy Sweet Chili Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS DINAMITA Chile Limón Flavored Rolled Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS Poppin’ Jalapeno Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS Spicy Nacho Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS FLAMAS Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS TAPATIO Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ Simply Organic Spicy White Cheddar Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ Simply Organic White Cheddar Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ Doritos Blazin’ Buffalo &amp; Ranch Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS Salsa Verde Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS Taco Flavored Tortilla Chips<br />☑️ DORITOS 3D line of puffed Doritos sold in Mexico<br />☑️ DORITOS Diablo sold in Mexico<br /><br />WHERE TO BUY DORITOS - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.doritos.com/where-to-buy">https://www.doritos.com/where-to-buy</a><br /> <br />SUBSCRIBE AND TURN ON MY POST NOTIFICATIONS TO BE NOTIFIED WHEN I POST NEW FUNNY VIDEOS!<br /><br />#Doritos #Superbowl #Chips<br />--------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />This video was created for entertainment purposes and is family-friendly and kid-friendly{% endraw %}
