---
title: "The Most Savage And Spectacular Undercover Fish In The Sea"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/11W0-wxKJzk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "11W0-wxKJzk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["This is Most Savage and Spectacular Disguised Fish in The Sea!!","fishing","fish"]
date: "2022-03-10T04:41:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-09T11:00:00Z"
duration: "PT16M25S"
viewcount: "28138"
likeCount: "166"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Fanatic"
---
{% raw %}Moray eels are not particularly fearless fish, despite their long and sharp teeth. When confronted with a threat, they generally tend to flee. They will only strike if they believe they are being attacked. Do you think a moray eel can swallow a venomous puffer fish? What about a stonefish? If you want to know, keep watching, as we look at the most savage and spectacular undercover fish in the sea.<br /><br />► Subscribe For New Videos! ► shorturl.at/krBX9 <br /><br />Watch our “15 Moments Of Merciless Wild Animals Hunting”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/oxfZcHaxAQM">https://youtu.be/oxfZcHaxAQM</a><br />Watch our “15 Insane Animal Battles Recorded On Camera”<br />video here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/USbw9IrbEAY">https://youtu.be/USbw9IrbEAY</a><br />Watch our “Top 16 Moments When Snakes Battled Each Other”<br />video here:<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/0snJi8XUIk4">https://youtu.be/0snJi8XUIk4</a><br /><br />Moray Eel<br /><br />Are you aware that moray eels are in fact fish? Moray eels are fascinating creatures that are frequently the highlight of a scuba diving excursion. When you're driving, it's like going on a  treasure hunt, peering into every crack and crevice for a glimpse of an eel. On the other side, you might even witness an eel swimming on the reef if you're lucky! While moray eels are fascinating creatures that many divers want to see, they may be frightening to those who have had the misfortune of having an eel lunge at them! Keep your hands off the reef and out of your mouth, or you can end up with an eel in your palm! Overall, moray eels are lovely, vibrant creatures who deserve to have their habitat respected. Despite their long and strong fangs, moray eels are not exceptionally courageous fish. When they are confronted with a threat, they usually escape. If they sense they are being assaulted, they will strike. <br /><br />Divers are often telling you about a diver who was bitten by a moray eel. While these bites can happen, it's important to remember that they're usually the result of a diver encroaching into their territory to take a stunning photo! Although moray eels, like this giant green moray eel, may seek out divers, this is not the same as friendship. They rub themselves to get rid of parasites living on their smooth skin! Keep in mind,  however, that touching them with your hands will result in the spread of your own bacteria. Due to their weak vision and great sense of smell, moray eels will mistake your hand for food.  Moray eels open and close their mouths regularly, but not to bite you. The goal of this maneuver is for them to simply breathe.<br /><br />Human-Friendly Moray Eel<br /><br />This woman meets up with a moray eel, and it almost seems like the moray eel is enamored with her. She pets it like one would pet a cat, and the eel is all over her.  The yellow-margin moray eel, also known as the yellow-edged moray eel or speckled eel, is found in the tropics of the Pacific Ocean. Though most individuals in New Caledonia have yellow eyes, some, like this one, have blue eyes. Because of their streamlined bodies, they can easily hunt in crevasses and reef formations. Their big, muscular jaws and keen teeth enable them to capture prey like reef fish and octopus, which can grow up to 8 feet long. To breathe,  moray eels open and close their mouths to circulate water through their gills. Divers may see this as dangerous, however, eels are normally shy creatures who only attack when they feel threatened. As you can see, this particular moray appears to want and enjoy personal contact, as a diver takes a break from his dive to stroke the friendly creature. Many aquatic organisms, such as eels, rays, and sharks, frighten humans because they are thought to be vicious and dangerous.  This isn't always the case. This scuba diver takes a chance when he encounters a moray eel and decides to pet him. The eel seems to love it and lets the man pet him as long as he wants.{% endraw %}
