---
title: "Delicate - Taylor Swift - 1 Hour Version"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/cKNMbM_DUKc\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "cKNMbM_DUKc"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Breathless Music","taylor","taylor swift"]
date: "2022-02-04T21:27:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-16T13:45:01Z"
duration: "PT1H3M21S"
viewcount: "2633"
likeCount: "44"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Breathless Music"
---
{% raw %}🔔 Check out our channel and don't forget to subscribe so you can't miss the best music videos<br />#Delicate #TaylorSwift<br />________________________<br />🎤  Lyrics: Delicate - Taylor Swift<br /><br />[Intro]<br />This ain't for the best<br />My reputation's never been worse, so<br />You must like me for me...<br />We can't make<br />Any promises now, can we, babe?<br />But you can make me a drink<br /><br />[Verse 1]<br />Dive bar on the East Side, where you at?<br />Phone lights up my nightstand in the black<br />Come here, you can meet me in the back<br />Dark jeans and your Nikes, look at you<br />Oh damn, never seen that color blue<br />Just think of the fun things we could do<br />('Cause I like you)<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus]<br />This ain't for the best<br />My reputation's never been worse, so<br />You must like me for me...<br />(Yeah, I want you)<br />We can't make<br />Any promises now, can we, babe?<br />But you can make me a drink<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Is it chill that you're in my head?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate (Delicate)<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Is it too soon to do this yet?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />Isn't it?<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />Isn't it... delicate?<br /><br />[Verse 2]<br />Third floor on the West Side, me and you<br />Handsome, you're a mansion with a view<br />Do the girls back home touch you like I do?<br />Long night, with your hands up in my hair<br />Echoes of your footsteps on the stairs<br />Stay here, honey, I don't wanna share<br />('Cause I like you)<br /><br />[Pre-Chorus]<br />This ain't for the best<br />My reputation's never been worse, so<br />You must like me for me…<br />(Yeah, I want you)<br />We can't make<br />Any promises now, can we, babe?<br />But you can make me a drink<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Is it chill that you're in my head?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate (Delicate)<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Is it too soon to do this yet?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />Isn't it?<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />Isn't it delicate?<br /><br />[Bridge]<br />Sometimes I wonder when you sleep<br />Are you ever dreaming of me?<br />Sometimes when I look into your eyes<br />I pretend you're mine, all the damn time<br />'Cause I like you<br /><br />[Chorus]<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Is it chill that you're in my head?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate (Delicate)<br />(Yeah, I want you)<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Is it too soon to do this yet?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate (Delicate)<br />('Cause I like you)<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />Is it chill that you're in my head?<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />(Yeah, I want you)<br />Is it cool that I said all that?<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />Is it too soon to do this yet?<br />Isn't it? Isn't it? Isn't it?<br />'Cause I know that it's delicate<br />Isn't it delicate?<br /><br />______________________________<br />📢 If there are any requests for information, in terms of the best images, as well as music included in the video, please contact the owner directly.<br />📢 I am simply sharing a piece of music that you may have never heard. If there is a copyright claim in the video, please contact the owner directly via Email.<br />📷 Wallpaper: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://unsplash.com/">https://unsplash.com/</a><br />110@copyright.com💌<br />© Music copyright belongs to SMEVN<br /> Video created by Breathless Music. ☞ DO NOT RE-UP.<br />Best regards!{% endraw %}
