---
title: "The UK Blessing — Churches sing 'The Blessing' over the UK"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/PUtll3mNj5U\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "PUtll3mNj5U"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["The UK Blessing","Blessing UK","UK Church Blessing"]
date: "2022-01-22T03:56:24+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-05-03T11:00:12Z"
duration: "PT6M47S"
viewcount: "4941599"
likeCount: "108522"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The UK Blessing"
---
{% raw %}The Blessing UK —<br />At this unique and challenging time in the United Kingdom over 65 churches and movements, representing hundreds of others, have come together online to sing a blessing over our land. Standing together as one, our desire is that this song will fill you with hope and encourage you. <br /><br />But the church is not simply singing a blessing, each day we're looking to practically be a blessing. Many of the churches included in this song have assisted with supplying over 400,000 meals to the most vulnerable and isolated in our nation since COVID-19 lockdown began. This alongside phone calls to the isolated, pharmacy delivery drops and hot meals to the NHS frontline hospital staff.<br /><br />Our buildings may be closed but the church is very much alive!<br /><br />A number of the churches involved include:<br />Alive Church Lincoln<br />All Souls Langham Place<br />!Audacious Manchester<br />Belhaven Parish Church of Scotland<br />Bridge Church Methodist Cornwall  <br />Catalyst Vineyard Aberdeen <br />Causeway Coast Vineyard Northern Ireland<br />CFC Belfast<br />Christ Church Tonbridge <br />City Church Newcastle<br />City Gates Romford <br />CLM Coventry <br />Elim Church UK<br />Emmanuel Brighton <br />Emmaus Road Guilford  <br />Gas Street Church Birmingham <br />Global Generation Church<br />Hackney Church<br />Harbour Church Portsmouth <br />Hillsong Bermondsey<br />Hillsong London<br />Holland Road Baptist Church Brighton <br />Holy Trinity Brompton London<br />Hoole Baptist Church <br />Hope City Church UK <br />Jesus House London<br />Lagoinha London Church<br />Life Church Bradford<br />Love Church Bournemouth <br />Kerith Community Church Bracknell<br />KINGDOM CHOIR<br />Kingdom Faith Church Crawley<br />KingsGate Peterborough<br />KXC London<br />Naujavan <br />New Wine UK<br />One Hope Project Catholic Charismatic Renewal<br />Pattern Church Swindon <br />Pioneer Network<br />Redeemed Christian Church of God UK<br />Regent Hall Salvation Army<br />Renewal Solihull<br />Soul Church Norwich<br />Soul Survivor Watford <br />Sound of Wales<br />Sounds of New Wine<br />Southampton Lighthouse International Church  <br />St. Aldates Oxford <br />St George’s Church Gateshead<br />St Mark’s Coventry<br />St. Nicholas Bristol<br />St. Paul’s and St. George’s Edinburgh <br />St. Peter’s Brighton<br />St. Peter’s Brockley<br />St.Thomas Norwich<br />St. Thomas Crookes Sheffield<br />St. Werburgh’s Derby<br />Symphony <br />The Coptic Orthodox Church<br />The Liberty Church London<br />The Space London<br />Trent Vineyard Nottingham<br />Trinity Church Nottingham<br />Vinelife Church Manchester <br />Woodlands Church Bristol<br />Worship for Everyone <br /><br />For questions and more information please contact — <br />theukblessing@gmail.com<br /><br />Lyrics: <br /><br />Verse — <br />The Lord bless you<br />And keep you<br />Make His face shine upon you<br />And be gracious to you<br />The Lord turn His<br />Face toward you<br />And give you peace<br />As we receive, we agree, amen<br /><br />Chorus — <br />Amen, amen, amen<br /><br />Bridge — <br />May His favor be upon you<br />And a thousand generations<br />And your family and your children<br />And their children, and their children<br /><br />May His presence go before you<br />And behind you, and beside you<br />All around you, and within you<br />He is with you, He is with you<br /><br />Original Song “The Blessing” by Cody Carnes, Kari Jobe and Elevation Worship. <br />Written by Chris Brown, Cody Carnes, Kari Jobe and Steven Furtick<br /><br />Audio produced by Trevor Michael <br />Video edited by Level Creative<br /><br />#theblessing #uk{% endraw %}
