---
title: "ATI TEAS Exam: Properties of substances"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GWHI2F8__AQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GWHI2F8__AQ"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Exam:","Properties","substances"]
date: "2022-05-09T07:08:45+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-11-14T22:13:48Z"
duration: "PT7M22S"
viewcount: "827"
likeCount: "13"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "whipsmartt"
---
{% raw %}Check out this ATI TEAS Exam prep video to see what you need to know about properties of substances. <br />• What is the difference between a solvent and a solute?<br /><br /><br />• Why can diffusion occur across thin, permeable membranes? What is the significance of this?<br /><br /><br />• Give an example of a common intensive property. <br /><br /><br />• What is specific heat capacity?<br /><br /><br />• What is the formula for density?<br /><br /><br />A substance is physical matter that has uniform properties. <br /><br /><br /><br />A mixture is matter that is composed of more than one substance.<br /><br /><br /><br />When one substance is dissolved into another, the result is a solution. <br /><br /><br /><br />The substance into which another is dissolved is the solvent. <br /><br /><br /><br />The substance that is being dissolved is the solute. <br /><br /><br /><br />Physical Properties<br /><br />Physical properties can be easily observed. Examples include the color or shape of a substance. <br /><br /><br /><br />Physical properties that do not depend on the amount of a substance are intensive prosperities. <br /><br /><br /><br />Density is a common intensive property. Density = mass/volume. <br /><br /><br /><br />Melting point, boiling point, and specific heat capacity are all intensive properties.<br /><br /><br /><br />Melting point is the temperature at which a substance changes from a solid to a liquid. <br /><br /><br /><br />Boiling point is the temperature at which a substance changes from a liquid to a gas. <br /><br /><br /><br />Specific heat capacity is the amount of energy required to change the temperature of one gram of a substance by one degree Celsius. <br /><br /><br /><br />Extensive properties depend on the amount of matter being measured. <br /><br /><br /><br />Chemical Properties<br /><br />Chemical properties involve a change from one substance to another. <br /><br /><br /><br />Hydrogen is the most abundant chemical substance in the universe. <br /><br /><br /><br />Water<br /><br />Water makes up about 60% of the human body. Water is a major component of blood. Water carries nutrients and oxygen to cells and takes waste products away from cells. Water is needed to digest food properly and is also required for temperature regulation.<br /><br /><br /><br />A water molecule (two hydrogen atoms and one oxygen atom) is polar. Since polar molecules are attracted to each other, water is cohesive. This means it holds together very well. Consequently, water does not require much energy to be pumped from one place to another. Water is also adhesive because the polar molecules of other substances in water are attracted to water molecules. <br /><br /><br /><br />Diffusion and Osmosis<br /><br />Diffusion involves movement of the solute from areas of higher to lower concentrations, it results in substances eventually becoming evenly distributed, and the process can occur across thin, permeable membranes because individual molecules are small enough to pass through. <br /><br /><br /><br />Osmosis involves movement of the solvent from low to high concentration. Osmosis is a specific type of diffusion, it involves migration of the solvent rather than the solute, and it is a process utilized by the kidneys to maintain proper water balance. <br /><br /><br /><br />#TEAS #TeasExam #AtiTeasExam #nursing #nursingexam #FutureNurse #NursingStudent #NursingSchool{% endraw %}
