---
title: "The Many Faces of Miley Cyrus- Plastic  Surgery Analysis"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IV0SU4oiqwo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IV0SU4oiqwo"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Miley Cyrus","Destiny Hope Cyrus","Billy Ray Cyrus"]
date: "2022-03-13T11:36:08+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-12T05:43:51Z"
duration: "PT20M1S"
viewcount: "112432"
likeCount: "8648"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lorry Hill"
---
{% raw %}Use LORRYH55 to get 55% off your first month at Scentbird <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sbird.co/33UJqwy">https://sbird.co/33UJqwy</a> <br /><br /> This month I received... <br /><br />Red Velvet by Pink Sugar <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sbird.co/3g20bII">https://sbird.co/3g20bII</a> <br /><br />Red Panda by Sanctuary <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sbird.co/3G8djX8">https://sbird.co/3G8djX8</a> <br /><br />Electric Wood by Room 1015 <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sbird.co/3G6aLsK">https://sbird.co/3G6aLsK</a> <br /><br />Palazzo Nobile Fizzy Mint by Storie Veneziane by Valmont <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://sbird.co/3g2QGZA">https://sbird.co/3g2QGZA</a><br /><br /><br />Miley Cyrus is a celebrity who has had major swings in her career, massive shifts in her style and the way she looks, and a lot of it from the pressure of growing up with a famous father, and gaining her own fame from a young age. We will explore the path she took in finding herself and the way she looks. <br /><br /><br />I want to stress that these videos are not meant to shame anyone, but instead to shed light on the world of the famous, and the procedures they get. It is to help educate everyone on what can be real, and what can be altered, and so that everyone can love the body they are in. <br /><br />These videos are my speculations based on my experience with plastic surgery, and knowledge about it. <br /><br /><br />Miley’s natural beauty traits are her long eyes, engaging smile, and great skin. She has a lot of photos starting from a young age because she was always in the spotlight, as well as there are many photos of her at every time period of her life. We will use these to compare and find what she may have done. <br /><br />Starting in 2007, we see some possible lip filler, it seems to fluctuate through the years in size, and indicates temporary fillers. In 2012, we see a suspected rhinoplasty and I show in the video what changes are visible. There is a possible body change around this time as well. <br /><br /><br />By 2013 another possible change was in her eyes, and you can see in the video, the changes displayed. And then we have something interesting that Miley got, which was Lingual Braces. They are good for people who do not want visible braces, aren't good candidates for invisalign, and especially are popular with people like athletes that get hit in the face a lot. They are also hidden as they are on the inside of the mouth. It was said that after her braces were taken off, she may have had Veneers. We can see some changes in her teeth, which will be shown on screen, and you can see the different color and shape. <br /><br /><br />Next major change I found was in 2019. There were changes I saw to her chin, cheeks, jaw, and more. I won’t spoil it all here. In recent times we see a fuller, softer look. <br /><br /><br />About Miley: <br /><br /><br />Miley was actually born as Destiny Hope Cyrus. Her father Billy Ray Cyrus is a famous singer and songwriter, and helped her get started early in her career. She was famously known as Hannah Montana in the disney show of the same name. Through her career in music, tv, and movies, she has won many awards, and created a vast multi-national brand for herself. She has also released 7 albums and been in 13 movies, and done 6 world tours including her most recent one this year.  Miley is estimated to be worth between 150 and 200 million dollars. Not surprising based on the amount of merchandise she has sold, as well as how many years she has been relevant. She has had many ups and downs in her career, changes to her style, public personality, and more. She has gone through many controversies and has continued to stay on top.{% endraw %}
