---
title: "Tesla Gigafactory Texas 7 February 2022 Cyber Truck & Model Y Factory Construction Update (07:30AM)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/xCaIVOsZrgo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "xCaIVOsZrgo"
categories: "Autos-Vehicles"
tags: ["Cyber Truck","Model Y","Gigafactory"]
date: "2022-02-08T03:15:19+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-07T21:26:56Z"
duration: "PT28M1S"
viewcount: "4858"
likeCount: "832"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Joe Tegtmeyer"
---
{% raw %}Gigafactory Texas on 7 February 2022! This is where the Cyber Truck and Model Y will be built!<br /><br />   Day started off with a nice sunrise, so I flew along the west side, south to north to capture it over Giga Texas, so I hope you enjoy this early morning footage! Busy day all over, particularly on the east side with many new developments.<br />   In the video introduction, we look at some of the interesting deliveries of equipment and materials delivered to and some stored in the east parking, staging and contractor trailer areas and try to determine what it is and where it will be going. Moving this equipment and materials is also a key step in clearing out the area to allow construction of the battery cathode plant to begin following the application of the permit we discussed in my 5 February video. <br />   I have had several viewers, including Patreon Dessie Doolan, point out some of this equipment and I noticed some other parts in my previous video, so I thought I'd put it all together in this discussion and hopefully you will find it informative and helpful. Also, understanding what is arriving and being installed inside helps give us clues as to where in the factory new areas and capabilities are beginning to materialize and help us understand how production is moving forward.<br />Timestamps:<br />Equipment &amp; materials on east side discussion &amp; illustrations: 0:06 to 3:40<br />Drone flight footage &amp; infographics: 4:08 to 28:00<br /><br />Here are some of the highlights from this morning's flight:<br />- South end getting concrete on the east corner section near the stamping structure, and another area ready for concrete on the west side as well. It appears more trenching work has begun, possibly to extend electrical conduits.<br />- West side main entrance area had workers preparing to start work, possibly on the front doors, although more trim work may also be in the works for today around the large windows.<br />- West side of the battery cell shows a lot of activity opening the wooden crates, moving silver wrapped materials inside the structure and breaking down the empty crates. The corner area next to the building is emptying out of materials and equipment.<br />- On the General Assembly roof, workers were preparing to get started on the solar panel installation again, so I took many images from different altitudes to help capture what is being installed. Later on in the video, we see many more LONGi solar panels and UNIRAC RM10 EVO racking systems on the far east side that will be brought over and lifted to the roof to continue installation work.<br />- We see the CEDINSA Modular Paint equipment being brought over to the plastics area, suggesting these might be associated with this area rather than the paint shop proper. This may make sense as CEDINSA makes a variety of equipment, some of which may be useful for plastics manufacturing.<br />- Over at the east parking area, we see more trailers now moved away and the area clearing out, with more earthwork nearing the location the trailers were moved from. We also see two large white trailers with mobile superchargers, possibly 20 stations available. I think these are not in their final location, as they will likely need to move to allow the earthwork to continue. This is a significant increase in supercharging capabilities.<br />- Farther east on the battery cathode/staging area, we see many interesting deliveries which we go through in the video intro. What is interesting is seeing a lot of this equipment, particularly the parts for 4680 production and CEDINSA modular paint equipment being moved out, possibly indicating more clearing of this area to allow construction to begin soon. Will continue to monitor this.<br />- Finally, on the far east contractor trailer area, we look at the Wastequip Commercial Trash compactors and we see many more loading dock concrete blank or filler panels. <br /><br />     Thank you for watching and I hope this has been informative, educational, and entertaining for you. If you would like, please consider supporting me via Patreon (link is in the description of this video and in the video itself) so I can continue to make and share these incredible videos.<br /><br />Sources used in this video:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.wastequip.com/products/commercial-trash-compactors">https://www.wastequip.com/products/commercial-trash-compactors</a><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.cedinsamex.net/">https://en.cedinsamex.net/</a><br /><br />Follow me on<br />Patreon <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage">https://www.patreon.com/joeslastchancegarage</a><br />Twitter @JoeTegtmeyer<br />Instagram (Joe’s Last Chance Garage) for the latest updates: #joeslastchancegarage<br />Facebook Joe Tegtmeyer and Joe’s Last Chance Garage<br /><br />Be sure to check out additional Texas Gigafactory footage on these channels:<br />@Terafactory Texas<br />@Jeff Roberts <br />@Texas Terafactory<br /><br />Video, photos, illustrations, and commentary on this video is by me, Joe Tegtmeyer unless otherwise annotated.<br /><br />Music in this video is obtained from the YouTube free and unrestricted and royalty-free use library.  Ending song is Mr. Sunny Face - Wayne Jones<br /><br />Drones used are DJI Mavic Mini and Mavic Air 2.<br /><br />Drone flight over Giga Texas is with permission of Tesla and CEO Elon Musk{% endraw %}
