---
title: "Solo Flawless Master Grasp of Avarice Dungeon in The Witch Queen [Destiny 2]"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/R3F3JCKXfd8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "R3F3JCKXfd8"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["destiny","destiny 2","destiny 2 solo"]
date: "2022-05-15T23:30:31+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-15T16:05:22Z"
duration: "PT1H23M51S"
viewcount: "4483"
likeCount: "250"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Esoterickk"
---
{% raw %}Destiny 2 The Witch Queen - Solo Flawless Master Grasp of Avarice Dungeon / Solo Flawless Master 1590 Grasp of Avarice Dungeon in The Witch Queen / Updated Grasp of Avarice Guide Season of the Risen.  Just a quick video showing a Solo Flawless Grasp of Avarice Dungeon being cleared using a Warlock on master this season.  Details below.<br /><br />00:00 - Load-out &amp; Load-in<br />03:20 - Navigate the Facility<br />07:35 - Ogre Boss<br />29:16 - Sparrow Section<br />31:00 - Fallen Shield<br />40:55 - Final Boss<br /><br />Mostly just a power level and patience check really.  All of the enemies inherently do more damage from it being master regardless of your level, but the same approach will work within 5-10 levels of the activity anyway.  It's pretty annoying to do now, taking 6-7 phases for each of the bosses is just painful.  There's probably other options that would allow for 4-5 phases, but I felt the Osteo was very good for add clear, and it also works really well on the final boss and dealing with the two minibosses that spawn each damage phase.  Ogre is by far the hardest of the dungeon, after clearing that the rest isn't too bad.  The boss fight and depositing the motes is about the only other danger on this run.<br /><br />As for the clear itself, I think both bosses had moments where it could've been a phase left had I played it differently.  Ogre boss there was ammo on the ground I didn't see, and I wasn't expecting the Fallen to respawn so I had to play that safe from inside the room.  I didn't extend the Devour properly to make use of the bonus super damage at the start of that phase.  The final boss and the second last phase I should've just waited for the boss to teleport.  There's times it just walks up, and with how long it was taking I didn't think it would teleport and just threw the Nova Bomb.  It teleported out of that and had to do another phase as a result.  After the firs tor second damage phase I remembered both Lucent Finisher and Shoot To Loot were things, so I had some downtime in the menu getting those two sorted.<br /><br />Either way, it's not really worth it to do this solo I'd say.  It takes way too long and is just annoying with both of the boss fights having massive health pools and taking forever to do.<br /><br />After this, I just have one more Master Vox on Titan to post, and that's all the seasonal dungeons and content complete.  Next reset will probably be a little light on videos until the new season, outside of Guardian Games uploads and likely a Solo GM Scarlet Keep with no cheese.  I was originally planning to do Solo Acquisition and Solo Caretaker before the new season hits, but I won't have the time to even put in attempts before then.  So I'll just do those next season sometime whenever I'm available.  Otherwise it's just preparing for the new season until then.  <br /><br />Between the WQ release, the Elden Ring release, years of posting Destiny videos and challenges without any breaks, and the false copyright fiasco, I became a little burnt out from the last few months and needed a little break from Destiny to recharge.  But I'll be back in the full swing of things again for next season.<br /><br />PC setup:<br />MSI MPG Z490 Mobo, i9-10900k CPU, MSI RTX 3090 SUPRIM X GPU, 64GB DDR4 3200 C16 Ram, 1TB NVMe M.2 SSD, 8TB HDD<br /><br />Keybindings and settings can be seen here:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ENRkhA9Snvo">https://youtu.be/ENRkhA9Snvo</a><br /><br />==================================================<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE HERE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/esoterickk?sub_confirmation=1">https://www.youtube.com/esoterickk?sub_confirmation=1</a><br />BECOME A CHANNEL MEMBER HERE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/esoterickk/join">https://www.youtube.com/esoterickk/join</a><br />Thank you so much for your support!{% endraw %}
