---
title: "What is #P3Y  and how it is helpful in #daytoday #Life #Problems ? #DrAjit #p3ythf-uk #p3ythf"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/f9WojSmrabY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "f9WojSmrabY"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["#Paramyog #p3y #peace #prosperity #progress #success in #mylife #yourlife all #around #theworld"]
date: "2022-02-28T11:16:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-28T03:29:14Z"
duration: "PT57M35S"
viewcount: "3"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "P3YTHF-UK"
---
{% raw %}Now a days life is more #stressful then ever !!! everyone is looking for some kind of #Power or #technique to get more out of their life !! Right !! So that's where P3Y shakti - the positive energy comes in action !! Lets learn how we can get positive energy and make our life more #happening and #successful. attend this class and do as directed and do it for at list 3 months and come to the conclusion and stick to it..... lets make this world and our life better by using the #P3Y shakti. <br /><br />In this Class we learn how to utilize #P3Y shakti - the positive energy in #Autism. <br /><br />This is my own experience that #ParamYog - #P3Y Shakti is very effective in Autism under the guidance of Dr Ajit.<br /><br />P3Y- The Great Power For You <br /><br />P3Y – The #scientific #technique for Success, synonym of peace, prosperity and progress. It allays anxiety-tension, gives relief in ailments. It helps o make the bright Career of the youth, makes the memory sharp in study, etc. <br /><br />P3Y – The #scientific #technique to achieve your mission speedily, it leads to Happiness, success and peace in your life.<br />A scientific technique to get peace, prosperity and progress in our life, which gives us Intelligence, increases Memory power in study. Which improve the Quality of Thoughts, which gives us freedom from addiction, which helps to achieve the Ultimate Goal in life, etc.<br /><br />P3Y shahitya includes Vibhuti which is very powerful in all kind of problems for more info contact P3Y teacher.<br /><br />You have to attend P3Y Class at P3Y- Param Yog Dhyan Center; you can attend online or arrange P3Y – Param Yog class at your place to learn more about P3Y.<br /><br />P3Y A Simple, Super and Extraordinary Power<br /><br />P3Y is for those who work hard, still can’t get the success.<br /><br />P3Y is not for Lazy people.<br /><br />In P3Y nothing is impossible.<br /><br />My ultimate wish, Maximum expanse of P3Y, so each and every life gets the benefit of P3Y. -Paramji, Alias His Holiness<br />This P3Y googel meet class is taken under the guidance of Dr Ajit.<br /><br />Every Sunday Google meet class link : ict-nxns-bnw <br /><br />Attend Umargam PDME Yatra &amp; Ankut Arpan 10AM Class , link:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/-aFnlqmJMYw">https://youtu.be/-aFnlqmJMYw</a><br /><br />Rognivaran P3Y Shakti Class by Dr Ajit<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/jUEyLU71TqI">https://youtu.be/jUEyLU71TqI</a><br /><br />For more information Contact:<br />Dr Ajit MBBS, MS (General Surgery), DGO, Laparoscopist<br />Email: drajit70@gmail.com <br />Mobile: +91-8160711859<br /><br />Mayur Panchal ( For UK )<br />Email : mayurkumar.panchal@gmail.com <br />Mobile : +44-7915673746{% endraw %}
