---
title: "How to Retire Early And Often. How to Retire by age 40? How to become financially Free?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ZDGJRmsjojg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ZDGJRmsjojg"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Finance","financial freedom","Retire Early"]
date: "2022-03-05T19:23:14+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-10-30T05:54:59Z"
duration: "PT3M28S"
viewcount: "1203"
likeCount: "173"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Retire Early And Often"
---
{% raw %}Let's talk about Real Estate Investing and other assets that help you become financially free and also find balance and fulfillment. We will discuss Crypto, True Success, Finding Purpose, Rental Homes and even quitting your day job. This Video is just the intro to this channel so subscribe and stay tuned!!!<br /><br />On this channel “retire early and often” we talk about &quot;How Can I create a better lifestyle?&quot; … with the right kinds of assets. It’s not about how many real estate properties you own or the number of stock shares in your portfolio or the amount of Gold or bitcoin you have, but controlling the right kinds of assets that will create the best lifestyle for you and your family, and that will allow you to fulfill a bigger purpose than just accumulating stuff or titles or insincere followers. You have a purpose, and with the right mindset, education, plan of attack and perseverance you can fulfill that purpose. It’s not about owning stuff because too much stuff will often own you. <br /><br />So Let's answer some common questions:<br />How can I become financially free?,<br />How can I make money with real estate?,<br />How can I retire early?,<br />How can I quit my job?,<br />Can I retire by age 40?,<br />Can I Buy rental property to become rich?,<br />How can I become wealthy?,<br />What is the best way to get rich?,<br /><br />My name is Douglas Lucky Larson. I Love my little family of 5! I’m a believer in God and divine grace. I also Believe that we all have a way bigger purpose than just financial success AND also that financial freedom can really help with some of those other, important goals.. . I love investing and real estate is my favorite asset class.  I can give you some great insights, resources and links absolutely free so you can invest and make money as well. I also follow and continue to learn from other great experts in all kinds of real estate and business niches. Some of those awesome experts include Robert Kiyosaki the rich dad poor dad Guy<br /><br />Jim Rickards<br /><br />Harry Dent<br /><br />Danielle Dimartino Boothe<br /><br />George Gammon<br /><br />Mike Maloney<br /><br />Mark Moss<br /><br />Steve VanMetre<br /><br />Jeff Snider <br /><br />Jeff Booth<br /><br />And many more…<br /><br />These guys and gals are really brilliant , Especially with the macro Birdseye view but I think I also have some very important boots on the ground real world experience from the trenches that I can share. I find ways to take the bigger concepts and use them in real life, where most of us live. I can help you find balance between the important financial stuff and also the MORE important purposes in life. <br /><br />Sure, …<br /><br />owning and controlling assets can help with lifestyle but remember, the goal is not cool stuff and bragging rights! It is to create and live a fulfilling life with purpose.<br /><br />These are crazy times and I think they are going to get even more crazy! You need good information, in order to make good financial and life decisions.  I offer opinion and information, not advice. Please like subscribe and share and I’ll tell you what I know. I hope we’ll see you on the next video!<br /><br />I think you’re gonna find that I have some insights that you really won’t find anywhere else or at least I can do the research for you and put the info in one place so Hopefelly you can retire early and often, create a better lifestyle, fulfill your purpose and be a better, happier you!{% endraw %}
