---
title: "14 Types of Traps In Plumbing | Plumbing work materials names and pictures"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/DAVBLJvitoo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "DAVBLJvitoo"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["Types of Traps","14 Types of Traps In Plumbing","Plumbing trap types"]
date: "2022-01-25T20:05:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-20T12:30:04Z"
duration: "PT1M43S"
viewcount: "10496"
likeCount: "139"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Deb's status"
---
{% raw %}Plumbing work materials names and pictures :-<br />Types of Traps in Plumbing :-<br />Different types of traps in plumbing are as follows.<br />1) Floor Trap.<br />2) Gully Trap.<br />3) P Trap.<br />4) S Trap.<br />5) Q Trap.<br />6) Intercepting Trap.<br />7) Bottle Trap.<br />8) Grease Trap.<br />9) Drum Trap.<br />10) Running Trap.<br />11) Straight-Through Trap.<br />12) Low-Level Bath Trap.<br />13) Bell Trap.<br />14) Building Trap<br /><br />1) Floor Trap:<br />This trap is provided on the floor to collect wastewater from the bathroom, sink, shower, and washbasin, etc. These are available in UPVC or cast iron material and have removable grating on the top of the trap. The minimum depth of the water seal should be 50 mm, 75mm, 110mm.<br /><br />2) Gully Trap:<br />Gully Trap, also known as G.T. A Gully Trap, is provided outside the building before connecting it to the external sewerage line. It also collects wastewater from the kitchen sink, washbasins, bath, and wash area.The heavy cast iron gully traps shall not be less than 7.25 KG in weight with cover weighing not less than 4.53 kg, and frame not less than 2.72 kg, and total depth shall not be less than 30 cm (1 ft) also available UPVC gully trap As per figure.<br /><br />3) P Trap:<br />This trap is used with an Indian water closet. The traps are made from UPVC or cast-iron sheets. This trap also has a water seal and prevents entry of foul gases to the house.<br /><br />4) S Trap :<br />This trap is similar to the P. trap and is used for fixing water closets in toilets. The only difference between the P trap and the S trap is that the P trap is used for an outlet through the wall, whereas S-trap is used for an outlet through the floor.<br /><br />5) Q Trap:<br />This trap is used in a toilet under-water closet. It is almost similar to the S trap and is used in the upper story other than the ground floor.<br /><br />6) Intercepting Trap:<br />The intercepting trap is provided to the Interceptor Manhole. An Interceptor manhole is provided at the interception of Public sewer and building sewer.<br /><br />Intercepting trap is provided to prevent the foul gases from public sewers entering into the building sewer by providing water seal. Designed with a deep water seal of 100 mm, these traps are installed at the last main hole of building sewerage.<br /><br />7) Bottle Trap:<br />In this type of trap, the waste pipe is fitted horizontally, and you need to unscrew the bottom to clean it. Ideal to be installed in limited spaces, the bottle traps are widely utilized at pedestal mounted sinks and basins to trap foul gasses.<br /><br />8) Grease Trap:<br />These traps are highly useful for food processing units as the trap is specially designed to collect grease content, and it is very easy to clean these traps from the surface.<br />The design works effectively to intercept the most grease and solid contents, entering a wastewater disposal system.<br />Since these traps are used to reduce the amount of fats and oils entering the main sewer, these traps can be found at commercial cooking facilities.<br /><br />9) Drum Trap:<br />Drum traps, which resemble metal drums, are an important part of a home plumbing system because their large openings allow you to more easily locate and remove objects you need either to retrieve or to remove from the plumbing system.<br />Their large caps also allow you to easily insert into the trap a plumbing snake you can use to remove clogs in your drain.<br /><br />Water from a drainpipe in your home flows into the trap from the trap bottom, then exits at the top of the trap, leaving solid objects behind in the trap.<br />Because water always remains in the trap, blocking sewer gases from leaking into your home through this trap.<br /><br />10) Running Trap:<br />You might see these used in public toilets where one running trap is used for a range of untrapped washbasins. On domestic installations, it could be used where a P or S trap arrangement is not possible.<br /><br />Running traps are sometimes used with a washing machine waste outlet or for dishwashers, although specialist traps are available for these appliances.<br /><br />11) Straight-Through Trap:<br />These are used as an alternative to a trap where space is limited. They are also easier to hide behind pedestal basins. The main problem with this design is the two tight bends, which slow down the flow of water shown above figure.<br />An alternative valve works on the simple principle of using an internal membrane as a seal, shown above figure. The membrane allows water to flow through it when the water is released, then closes to prevent foul air from entering the building.<br /><br />12) Low-Level Bath Trap:<br />These are designed so that they can fit into tight spaces under baths and shower trays. The seal on these will only be 38 mm, which means they cannot be connected directly into the soil and vent stack<br /><br />13) Bell Trap:<br />Bell Trap Drain is designed for use in the garage, patio, or other outdoor use. The water drains into a well in the drain unit that serves as a trap to contain sewer gas. The strainer snaps onto the drain body. 1 in. By 2 in. Bell Trap Drain fits over 1 in.<br />#Plumbing #Plumbingaccessories #Plumbingmaterials #Plumberfittings{% endraw %}
