---
title: "PUTIN panics when Ukraine destroys top general and 100 soldiers and giant Russian armored convoy"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/E6-kpdtWajY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "E6-kpdtWajY"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["enerhodar","kiev fight","british anti tank missile"]
date: "2022-05-03T01:13:23+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-01T16:03:24Z"
duration: "PT3M21S"
viewcount: "571947"
likeCount: "8783"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Trending news"
---
{% raw %}Thank you for watching our video. Please like and subscribe to help us reach 100k Sub.<br />Mail: hungbktna41@gmail.com Please comment here to help us publish better videos to serve you.<br /><br />PUTIN panics when Ukraine destroys top general and giant Russian armored convoy, Kremlin falls into stalemate | Update on the war of Russia and Ukraine on May 1.<br /><br />The 9th general of the Russian base was killed in Ukraine's devastating attack on the base as the number of Putin's top commanders continued to grow.<br /><br />VLADIMIR Putin lost his 9th general while fighting in Ukraine after an attack on a military base.<br /><br /><br />The war of tyrants took a toll on the Russian army when Major General Andrei Simonov became the top commander to die, leaving the Russian army bewildered when it lost its leader.<br /><br />Simonov, the head of the 2nd Arms Corps, is believed to have been killed near the city of Izyum in the northeastern Kharkiv region today, Kyiv Post reported.<br /><br />Footage shared on social media appears to show the attack from a salvo rocket.<br /><br />The attack is also said to have destroyed more than 30 Russian armored vehicles, including tanks.<br /><br />Presidential adviser Oleksiy Arestovych said in an interview that about 100 Russians were killed in the attack, including Simonov.<br /><br />This was a huge victory for the Ukrainian army, having completely destroyed the entire combat team of the Russian army.<br /><br />News of the general's death was also shared by government adviser Anton Gerashchenko on his Telegram account.<br /><br />He said that Simonov was the commander of electronic warfare of the 2nd corps and served as the EW commander of the Western Military District.<br /><br />The death toll of Putin's commanders in Ukraine continues to rise, dealing a blow to the Russian leader. The number of generals that PUTIN sent to Ukraine is decreasing day by day.<br /><br />A total of 9 Russian generals have now been killed in Putin's war along with 36 colonels and 300 officers.<br /><br />Last month, Major General Vladimir Frolov, Deputy Commander of the 8th Combined Arms Corps, was laid to rest with full military honors in St Petersburg.<br /><br />Earlier, Lieutenant General Andrei Mordvichev, commander of the 8th Combined Armed Forces Army, was killed in battle at Chornobaivka, near the city of Kherson, in the south of the country.<br /><br />The Russian army is experiencing tremendous losses when their commanders are destroyed one after another.<br /><br />Major General Andrei Sukhovetsky is believed to have been shot dead by a sniper during a battle at Hostomel Airport, about 30 kilometers outside the capital Kyiv, in early March.<br /><br />And General Magomed Tushaev died when his Chechen task force, consisting of 56 tanks, was completely annihilated near Hostomel, northeast of the city.<br /><br />Major General Oleg Mityaev, 47, died in Mariupol as well as Lieutenant General Yakov Rezantsev also died in the fighting.<br /><br />Ukraine claims it has killed more than 23,000 Russian soldiers and destroyed more than 1,000 tanks, 2,400 armored vehicles and 345 aircraft.<br /><br />Dramatic footage yesterday showed the moment two Russian tanks were destroyed in a drone strike, allegedly by Ukraine's 503rd Naval Infantry Battalion.<br /><br />Western officials have claimed one in four Russian units is no longer &quot;effective in combat&quot; because of their severe losses.{% endraw %}
