---
title: "Why Wars Happen: The Tragedy of Great Power Politics (2002)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/N5k2Ox2qrM4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "N5k2Ox2qrM4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Happen:","Tragedy","Great"]
date: "2022-04-08T09:06:48+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-06T00:00:09Z"
duration: "PT1H16M40S"
viewcount: "2623"
likeCount: "97"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "The Film Archives"
---
{% raw %}Read the book: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.amazon.com/gp/search?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=tra0c7-20&amp;linkCode=ur2&amp;linkId=72cf442f293aa9c43f5d1803934cd95a&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=9325&amp;index=books&amp;keywords=power%20politics%20mearsheimer">https://www.amazon.com/gp/search?ie=UTF8&amp;tag=tra0c7-20&amp;linkCode=ur2&amp;linkId=72cf442f293aa9c43f5d1803934cd95a&amp;camp=1789&amp;creative=9325&amp;index=books&amp;keywords=power%20politics%20mearsheimer</a> <br /><br />The Tragedy of Great Power Politics is a book by the American scholar John Mearsheimer on the subject of international relations theory published by W.W. Norton &amp; Company in 2001. Mearsheimer explains and argues for his theory of &quot;offensive realism&quot; by stating its key assumptions, evolution from early realist theory, and its predictive capability. An article adapted from the book had previously been published by Foreign Affairs.<br /><br />The five bed-rock assumptions of Mearsheimer's theory of offensive realism are:<br /><br />    Anarchy: the international system is anarchic;<br />    Offensive military capabilities: all great powers possess offensive military capabilities which they can use against each other;<br />    Uncertainty: states cannot be sure that other states will not use military capabilities against them;<br />    Survival: the primary goal of states is survival;<br />    Rationality: States are rational unitary actors who think strategically about how to pursue their primary goal (survival).<br /><br />From these assumptions, Mearsheimer argues that states will constantly seek to accumulate power, and that cooperation between states is hard. The &quot;tragedy&quot; of great power politics is that even security-seeking great powers will nonetheless be forced to engage in competition and conflict with one another.[3] <br /><br />Charles Kupchan of the Council on Foreign Relations called it an &quot;important and impressive book&quot; in which Mearsheimer &quot;elegantly lays out his theoretical approach to the study of international politics&quot;. However, he is very critical of the way Mearsheimer uses history to compound his theory. Furthermore, Kupchan decries Mearsheimer's conviction in his own theory and his inability to be &quot;more open to eclecticism in explaining politics among the great power&quot;.[5]<br /><br />John A. Hall, of McGill University, found the book's arguments strengthened by &quot;a tightness and coherence&quot;.[6]<br /><br />The Columbia University Professor Richard Betts called Tragedy one of the three great works of the post–Cold War era, along with Francis Fukuyama's The End of History and the Last Man (1992) and Samuel Huntington's The Clash of Civilizations and the Remaking of World Order (1996).[7] And, Betts suggested, &quot;once China's power is full grown&quot;, Mearsheimer's book may pull ahead of the other two in terms of influence.<br /><br />Robert Kaplan outlines a similar prospect for Tragedy:<br /><br />    If China implodes from a socioeconomic crisis, or evolves in some other way that eliminates its potential as a threat, Mearsheimer's theory will be in serious trouble because of its dismissal of domestic politics. But if China goes on to become a great military power, reshaping the balance of forces in Asia, then Mearsheimer's Tragedy will live on as a classic&quot;.[8]<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Tragedy_of_Great_Power_Politics">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Tragedy_of_Great_Power_Politics</a><br /><br />John Joseph Mearsheimer (/ˈmɪərʃaɪmər/; born December 14, 1947) is an American political scientist and international relations scholar, who belongs to the realist school of thought. He is the R. Wendell Harrison Distinguished Service Professor at the University of Chicago. He has been described as the most influential realist of his generation.[3]<br /><br />Mearsheimer is best known for developing the theory of offensive realism, which describes the interaction between great powers as being primarily driven by the rational desire to achieve regional hegemony in an anarchic international system. In accordance with his theory, Mearsheimer believes that China's growing power will likely bring it into conflict with the United States.<br /><br />In his 2007 book The Israel Lobby and U.S. Foreign Policy, Mearsheimer argues that the Israeli lobby wields disproportionate influence over US foreign policy. <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Mearsheimer">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/John_Mearsheimer</a><br /><br />Bait and bleed is a military strategy described by international relations theorist John J. Mearsheimer in his book on offensive realism, The Tragedy of Great Power Politics (2001). The aim is to induce rival states to engage in a protracted war of attrition against each other &quot;so that they bleed each other white&quot;, while the baiter who encouraged the conflict remains on the sidelines and maintains its military strength.[1]<br /><br />Mearsheimer cites as an example Russia's efforts to provoke Austria and Prussia into war with France shortly after the French Revolution, evidenced by Catherine the Great's statement to her secretary in 1791: &quot;I am racking my brains in order to push the courts of Vienna and Berlin into French affairs. ... There are reasons I cannot talk about; I want to get them involved in that business to have my hands free. I have much unfinished business, and it's necessary for them to be kept busy and out of my way.&quot;[2] <br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bait_and_bleed">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bait_and_bleed</a>{% endraw %}
