---
title: "I've Got Plenty To Be Thankful For ~ Bing Crosby ~ HD"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BbSkeZHIf8A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BbSkeZHIf8A"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["I've Got Plenty To Be Thankful For","Bing Crosby","Holiday Inn"]
date: "2022-01-20T06:21:57+03:00"
vid_date: "2017-11-14T19:04:22Z"
duration: "PT3M6S"
viewcount: "45051"
likeCount: "573"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Bob Silvestri"
---
{% raw %}This song is one of twelve original songs Irving Berlin wrote for the 1942 film “Holiday Inn,” which also included “White Christmas,” the best-selling single of all time. In this film, the main character Jim, played by Bing Crosby, has given up a life in show business to work on his farm. He decides to turn the farm into a country inn, open only for holidays. <br /><br />As he goes through his first year at the Holiday Inn, we hear songs for each season, all through the lens of Jim’s romantic and professional struggles. By Thanksgiving, he is depressed and lonely, having lost his sweetheart. He has been asked to write a song for a film about his Holiday Inn, which we hear as “I’ve Got Plenty To Be Thankful For.” <br /><br />This song is quite chipper compared to his mood, and as we hear the song in the movie, Jim has a negative comment to answer every positive notion in the song. Fortunately for Jim (and the viewer!), shortly after Thanksgiving, Jim makes it back to his love and we get a happy Hollywood ending.<br /><br />I've got plenty to be thankful for<br />I haven't got great big yacht<br />To sail from shore to shore<br />Still I've got plenty to be thankful for<br /><br />I've got plenty to be thankful for<br />No private car, no caviar<br />No carpet on my floor<br />Still I've got plenty to be thankful for<br /><br />I've got eyes to see with, ears to hear with<br />Arms to hug with, lips to kiss with<br />Someone to adore<br /><br />How could anybody ask for more?<br />My needs are small, I buy 'em all<br />At the five and ten cent store<br />Oh, I've got plenty to be thankful for<br /><br />I've got eyes to see with, ears to hear with<br />Arms to hug with, lips to kiss with<br />Someone to adore<br /><br />How could anybody ask for more?<br />My needs are small, buy 'em all<br />Five and ten cent store<br />Oh, I've got plenty to be thankful for<br /><br />Music Copyright to UMG On behalf of: Geffen<br />(thanks for allowing this to remain)<br />&quot;The AUDIO content does not belong to me. I do not profit from these Videos and/or Slideshows. I do not own copyrights of the images, which are from free websites. This is strictly for Educational use and Commentary purposes.&quot;<br /><br />&quot;No copyright is claimed in [the music] and to the extent that material may appear to be infringed, I assert that such alleged infringement is permissible under fair use principles in U.S. copyright laws. If you believe material has been used in an unauthorized manner, please contact the poster.&quot;<br /><br />Copyright Disclaimer--&quot;Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.&quot;{% endraw %}
