---
title: "This Luxurious Chicago Mansion Is $18,750,000!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/n0-n7xOAYfQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "n0-n7xOAYfQ"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["luxury residences","luxury homes","house tour"]
date: "2022-02-14T14:47:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-08-15T16:15:03Z"
duration: "PT8M29S"
viewcount: "2380"
likeCount: "52"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Richest Real Estate"
---
{% raw %}✔️ // ABOUT THIS PROPERTY<br />Ideally located in the heart of the Gold Coast, Chicago's most iconic home is the epitome of sophistication, timeless luxury, and unparalleled appointments. Finished with nothing less than the finest of materials this home is elegant and yet still relaxed. From expansive living areas that lend themselves to grand scale entertaining, to beautiful, intimate private spaces for relaxed conversation, the thoughtful floor plan flows with ease and refinement from elegant room to elegant room, and seamlessly to the private outdoor spaces. With great care, this residence was designed with a garden terrace to the east and a charming central courtyard that infuses an abundance of natural light, not found in most homes in Chicago. The wide and spectacular gallery spans the floor east to west giving you an immediate sense of the expanse of the first floor and sets the tone for the unmatched volume and graceful style of every room in the house. Exquisite detail, state-of-the-art infrastructure, and meticulous architectural design create a magnificent residence and the very best Chicago has to offer. To learn more about this truly unique offering,<br /><br />📍// Location: 3 W Burton Pl, Chicago, IL 60610<br />💰 // Price: $18,750,000<br />🛏 // Beds: 6<br />🛁 // Baths: 10.5<br />📏 // Sq. Ft: 20,002<br /><br /><br />💸 // ABOUT US<br />Welcome to Richest Real Estate! Here you will find the most luxurious homes on the market today! We highlight the best real estate from today’s most desirable homes for your viewing enjoyment. <br /><br />🎵 // NOW PLAYING<br />Fjodor - Me<br />Slpstrm - Silent Bloom<br />Liquid Memoirs - Through the Portal<br /><br />-----------<br />Relevant tags:<br />#Expensivehome #Expensivehouses #luxuryresidences #luxuryhomes #Luxuryhouses #dreamhouses #dreamhomes #luxuryestates #luxuryproperties #luxuryvillas #megamansion #housedesign #AmericanHomes #Realestate #americanhomes #homedecor #housedecor<br /><br />luxury homes - Luxury houses - luxury residences - house design - home design ideas - house design ideas - interior design - interior house design - Real estate - dream houses - dream homes - modern home - home for sale - houses for sale - american homes - property for sale - luxury house for sale - luxury homes for sale<br /><br />All images, video, and audio components contained are used in strict compliance with the appropriate permissions and licenses required from <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://artlist.io,">https://artlist.io,</a> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://motionarray.com/">https://motionarray.com/</a> and/or <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://redfin.com/">https://redfin.com/</a> in accordance with the YouTube Partner Program, Community guidelines &amp; YouTube terms of service.{% endraw %}
