---
title: "Best Exercise For L4 L5 Disc Bulge Best Exercise For L4 L5 Disc Herniation | Dr. Walter Salubro"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/aaPTaHHuN_g\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "aaPTaHHuN_g"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["best exercise for l4 l5 disc bulge","best exercise for l4 l5 disc herniation","exercise for bulging disc l5 s1"]
date: "2022-02-01T11:29:12+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-04-16T16:58:42Z"
duration: "PT8M29S"
viewcount: "2725377"
likeCount: "46183"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dr. Walter Salubro"
---
{% raw %}Best Exercise For L4 L5 Disc Bulge Best Exercise For L4 L5 Disc Herniation | Dr. Walter Salubro Chiropractor in Vaughan<br />Watch Next: Can L4 L5 Disc Bulge Get Back To Normal Again? Does L5 S1 Disc Bulge Get Back To Normal Again? <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ffzby1iDPaQ">https://youtu.be/ffzby1iDPaQ</a><br />Get FREE instant access Dr. Walter Salubro's &quot;Lower Back Exercises Guide: How to Mobilize, Strengthen, and Stabilize the Lower Back&quot;. Download your FREE copy here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ibthcc.com/lower-back-exercise-guide">https://www.ibthcc.com/lower-back-exercise-guide</a><br />----------<br />In this video, you will learn some of the basic anatomy of the lumbar spine, L4 L5 and L5 S1 disc, how to understand the low back anatomy so you can relate it to your lumbar spin MRI report results. You will also learn 4 of the best exercises to help relieve pain associated with L4 L5 disc bulge and L5 S1 disc bulge.<br /><br />Of note, when you see the picture of the spine and disc cross section, not that even though you can see the spinal cord in the picture, the spinal cord in the lumbar spine actual ends at about L1 or L2 and it continues down as a bunch of nerves in the spinal canal called the cauda equina. This cauda equina bunch of nerves then branch off into each of the spinal nerves in the lower lumbar spine. <br /><br />Low back exercises should always be done to tolerance and never if they cause more pain. As well, one should always consult with their primary health care provider / practitioner before starting any sort of exercises, especially low back exercises when there is an underlying condition.<br /><br />What exercises should I avoid for a disc bulge is a FAQ. L4 L5 and L5 S1 discs bulge treatment without surgery can be done with corrective chiropractic care and rehabilitation exercises. Best exercise for L4 L5 disc bulge and L5 S1 disc bulge exercises are shown in this video. L4-L5 and L5-S1 discs bulge treatment without surgery should  be the goal of therapy. Exercises to avoid for a disc herniation - anything that aggravates the low back pain and disc herniation. Exercises to avoid for a disc bulge  - anything that aggravates the low back pain and disc herniation. Exercises to avoid for a bulging disc  - anything that aggravates the low back pain and disc bulge. <br /><br />Posterior disc bulge exercises like McKenzie extension exercise is shown in this video. Exercise for herniated disc can be done safely. Disc bulge exercises McKenzie protocol are available for L4 L5 disc bulge. L5 disc herniation exercises. Bulging disc exercises youtube video here.<br /><br />Dr. Walter Salubro, Chiropractor in Vaughan<br /><br />Visit our website at: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.ibthcc.com">https://www.ibthcc.com</a><br />www.ibthcc.com<br /><br />Come visit us at:<br />Back To Health Chiropractic Centre<br />20 Cranston Park Ave, #6, Maple, ON, L6A 2W2<br />www.ibthcc.com<br />Call us at: (905) 303-1009<br /><br />Connect with Dr. Walter Salubro:<br />Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://facebook.com/drwaltersalubro">http://facebook.com/drwaltersalubro</a><br /><br />** Channel / Videos Disclaimer **<br /><br />The information provided in this channel, videos, and all comments and replies to comments/questions is intended for information purposes only and does not constitute medical, chiropractic, health or other advice of any kind or nature. The information provided is strictly for educational purposes. The viewing or receiving of information in this channel / videos / replies to comments does not create an advisory relationship of any nature. If you apply information in this channel / videos / replies to comments, you take full responsibility for your actions or inactions. This channel / videos / replies to comments is not meant to be used, nor should it be used, to address, diagnose or treat any medical condition of any kind or nature. This channel / videos / replies to comments is not intended as a substitute for the medical advice of physicians or the professional advice of any other health care practitioner. The viewer or recipient of information in this channel / videos / replies to comments should regularly consult a physician and / or their primary health care provider in matters relating to their health. This channel / videos / replies to comments does not contain all information available regarding the subjects addressed in this channel / videos / replies to comments. This channel / videos / replies to comments has not been created to be specific to any individual’s needs. Every effort has been made to make this channel / videos / replies to comments as accurate as possible. However, there may be typographical and / or content errors or omissions. This channel / videos / replies to comments may contain information that is out-of-date, inaccurate or inapplicable. The creator has, and shall have, no liability or responsibility whatsoever to any person or entity regarding any matter related to this channel / videos / replies to comments and / or its contents, including without limiting the generality of the foregoing, any loss or damage incurred, or alleged to have been incurred, directly or indirectly, in relation to the information, or application or non-application of the information, contained in this channel / videos / replies to comments.{% endraw %}
