---
title: "5 Traits of EXTREMELY Attractive People & What Makes Them Irresistible!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/KaC_Y9Hd_eQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "KaC_Y9Hd_eQ"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Traits","EXTREMELY","Attractive"]
date: "2022-05-28T09:27:55+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-27T17:30:00Z"
duration: "PT15M17S"
viewcount: "8754"
likeCount: "615"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Aaron Doughty"
---
{% raw %}This is how you become ATTRACTIVE AF! If you feel ready to become a more confident and magnetic version of you, Join The 21 Day Confidence Love Challenge here: ➡️ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/Confidence-Love">https://bit.ly/Confidence-Love</a><br /><br />These are the five traits of extremely magnetic people. So people that you perceive<br />to have very contagious energy. Energy that kind of pulls you in, makes you desire more,<br />makes them, in a way, irresistible.<br /><br />I'm gonna show you what those five traits are and how exactly you can embody them. Now, the first trait of extremely magnetic people, and the first thing to realize, too, is that attractiveness and having magnetic energy is an energy game.<br /><br />This is not about physical exterior ways that we look. You'll find too that people appear to be more attractive the more they own and the more that they, in a way, accept the way that they look, the way that they are.<br /><br />So for this, realize that this is a game of energy. This is a game of how you are embodying yourself. Have you ever met somebody that maybe there's something about them that just draws you in.<br /><br />Not even just the way that they look but the way that they naturally are, the way that they are themselves. And the thing that you'll realize is the key to these five traits that I share, simply embody them is a choice.<br /><br />And the first one on this list is something that I've seen over 4,500 people go through a process that I have. It's a magnetic love challenge that I've done like a year ago.<br /><br />And this was the thing that made all the difference for everybody that I noticed. A lot of times as spiritual people, or people that are on this spiritual path, we may have a challenge of feeling in our own frame, being present inside of our own body.<br /><br />And a lot of times this is 'cause in childhood, we tune to other people and in order to get<br />validation, love, or support. So what happens is later in life, we may feel not attractive, we may feel like we don't have magnetic energy.<br /><br />And one of the main reasons is it's simply because we're tuning to others to find safety.<br />We're trying to create safety by getting other people's validation, other people's love, and<br />other people's approval.<br /><br />Now, the thing with attraction is one of the most unattractive energies that exists is the energy of neediness, of needing something outside of yourself in order to feel a certain way. And what you'll notice about extremely attractive people is they do not have that level of neediness because they are in their own frame.<br /><br />So the first one on this is being in your own frame of reality. This is being centered inside of yourself and not tuning to other people. Now, they say- I've watched YouTube videos on this before- in an interaction between two people, whoever has the stronger frame holds the energy.<br /><br />Now, this doesn't mean that it's a narcissist  r just like, &quot;I demand this,&quot; but in general, because part of frame, as well, is being congruent. Being in congruent to who you naturally are.<br /><br />And when you are centered in yourself and you are able to lead and have a vision for something you want, for what you want or desire in your life, that makes you attractive.<br /><br />That's why boundaries can also be a very good thing. Could be, honestly, on this list. Maybe it is in some way. But when I think about frame, this also has to do with being able to choose the meaning that you give things.<br /><br />Think about it. Somebody that's complaining about their job. &quot;Oh, my job sucks. I'm in this position. My mom said this. My dad said this. My ex did this.&quot; Whatever. It's stories that are all about a lack of frame.<br /><br />They're stories that say, &quot;I'm a victim. I'm in this mentality. I'm being pulled in all these different directions.&quot; And what people really want or what is very attractive is somebody<br />that is in their own frame, that is centered inside of themselves, that chooses the meaning<br />that they give in life.<br /><br />And because they choose the meaning, they then have the ability to choose where their energy goes, and they're not diffusing their energy or giving it away to other people. So being in your own frame is attractive.<br /><br />Now, part of this is the meaning and- think about it. You give things meaning. Nothing has any meaning than the meaning we give it. If you talk about a rainy day, a rainy day is a neutral idea.<br /><br />Based on the meaning we give it is what we get out of it. If we say a rainy day sucks, then it'll suck, and we'll not feel good motion about it.<br /><br />If we think that a rainy day is awesome, then we're gonna feel awesome, excited about a rainy day. Now, in the same way in our own lives, we all have a meaning, something that we came here for, a purpose.<br /><br />And I promise you, people that are the most attractive, that have that magnetic energy, they are living their purpose. They are in alignment with how they choose to be.{% endraw %}
