---
title: "Kryon April 2022 - Disturbing Things"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GJ7Cuam4LiE\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GJ7Cuam4LiE"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Kryon","April","Disturbing"]
date: "2022-04-24T03:22:26+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-23T17:00:08Z"
duration: "PT21M1S"
viewcount: "605"
likeCount: "86"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Kryon"
---
{% raw %}Welcome to the Lee Carroll - Kryon<br /><br />This Channel is an esoteric spiritual site featuring channeled information from Kryon, a loving angelic entity. You are looking at the unique and original website for Kryon as channeled by Lee Carroll, the original Kryon channel. This work is now over thirty years old, having been started by Lee in 1989. Since the word Kryon is not proprietary, in the last years there have been many others in many cultures who have come to use the name Kryon in many forms. However, Lee is not affiliated with any other Kryon channelling by any other person, school, or organization using the name Kryon, and is only responsible for his own work as represented by his books and the information on this website.<br /><br />The Kryon work is not a membership organization. There is nothing to join, and we do not ask for your email to enter this site or to visit any page. We are not a non-profit organization, so there is no page that will ever ask for donations.<br /><br />The site is packed with information that is free to download, print out, and use for your own spiritual learning and growth. There are over 100 hours of free audio in many languages, transcribed channellings going back many years, and a very large question and answer forum featuring hundreds of questions. We also have many other features, including lots of free videos. We do not collect “cookies” that covertly record your visit here, so you are totally free to browse the many pages of this site without any technical information being gathered. You won't receive an email from us unless you actually sign up for The Kryon Family bulletin, a single email per month, which includes Lee Carroll’s ever changing meeting schedule.<br /><br />The Kryon work represents fourteen Kryon channelled books. These books represent over 200 physical separate Kryon publications, since these works are now published in 24 languages world-wide. In addition, Lee Carroll and his spiritual partner Jan Tober, introduced the earth to the term “Indigo Children” in 1999 with the book by Hay House, The Indigo Children. There are also three Indigo Children books by Lee and Jan. This subject has its own webpage, which you can access HERE. This brings the total of Lee Carroll books to 16. In collaboration with Kryon archivist and author Monika Muranyi, there are four more Kryon related books. This brings the total of available Kryon books (as channelled by Lee Carroll) to 21.<br /><br />There is an online store, which is commercial. You can find it easily on our menu page, to purchase Kryon books, music and meditation products, and on-line lectures from Lee Carroll.<br /><br />Lee is recognized worldwide as the original channel for Kryon, and has been honored over the years by seven United Nations invitations to channel Kryon at the UN building in New York city. The Kryon seminars are presented all over the USA and Canada, western Europe, Israel, Russia, Bulgaria, Poland, the Baltic states and much of South America. You can see some of the most meaningful meetings HERE. Lee's worldwide seminar schedule is HERE. In 2015 and 2016 the prestigious WATKINS &quot;Mind, Body, Spirit&quot; magazine from the UK, has listed Lee Carroll as one of the &quot;100 most spiritually influential living people&quot;. You can see the others in that group HERE.<br /><br />Enjoy this site, brought to you in the original spirit of the web lots of free features available to you while browsing in a comfortable atmosphere that will never capture your personal information.<br /><br />Blessings!<br />Website: Kryon.com<br /><br />#Kryon #Kryon2020 #Kryon2021{% endraw %}
