---
title: "Where is the Russian Defense Minister? Her daughter's sharing created an event"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GVSuk_dUe7A\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GVSuk_dUe7A"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Where is the Russian Defense Minister? Her daughter's sharing created an event"]
date: "2022-04-19T14:14:35+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-19T01:30:05Z"
duration: "PT3M37S"
viewcount: "9094"
likeCount: "134"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Breaking News USA"
---
{% raw %}Where is the Russian Defense Minister? Her daughter's sharing created an event<br /><br />The mystery surrounding Russian Defense Minister Sergey Shoigu, who is one of the most important actors of the war between Russia and Ukraine and is known as one of the closest names to Putin, is not cleared up. The sharing of the minister's daughter, who allegedly had a heart attack, suddenly fell on the agenda like a bomb.<br /><br />Russian Defense Minister Shoigu was a prominent figure, both because of his close friend of Putin and his important role in the Ukraine war. However, the fact that the minister has not been seen for a while has turned the attention of the whole world back to this name.<br /><br />Some comments were made about Shoigu, who disappeared suddenly towards the end of March, that he was sick or was dismissed by Putin. It has been claimed several times that these images of the minister selected in the short video footage are fake; Afterwards, the minister actually proved that he was alive by appearing on a live broadcast.<br /><br />In later statements, it was said that Sergey Shoigu had a very serious heart attack and that this was the reason for his absence. However, these statements did not satisfy the public's curiosity.<br /><br />There were some who said that the 66-year-old Shoigu's health problem was due to the fact that he was poisoned on the orders of Russian leader Putin. Another claim was that Putin ordered his most trusted minister to hide in the Ural Mountains and Shoigu worked from there.<br /><br />This situation triggered another fear. It was said that this secret hiding place of Shoigu in the Ural Mountains is a nuclear bunker and that such an order was given to fulfill Russia's purpose to use its nuclear forces. While everything was so uncertain, Shoigu's daughter Knesia, who shared a message via social media, added mystery to the mystery about her father.<br /><br />Via Telegram channel “My pride, my guiding star, my daddy… I am proud to be your daughter.” Sharing his words, 31-year-old Ksenia Shoigu created a question mark. It was announced that Ksenia Shoigu's message was sent in honor of her father's 31st year in public service. The message continued as follows: “31 years in government! Exactly a year ago we shot a film about his services. He had a life full of interesting stories that couldn't even fit into that movie…”<br /><br />Although these words of Ksenia Shoigu may seem like a congratulatory message, everyone once again became suspicious of the defense minister due to the inexplicable nature of the situation. It is known that Ksenia Shoigu is a financial expert and a volunteer working in charitable organizations.<br /><br />Shoigu was last seen at the funeral of Zhirinovski, a Russian politician who passed away and a close friend of Putin's. The calendars were showing April 8, and comments were made about the minister that day that he was &quot;hardly walking&quot;. Speaking about Shoigu's absence, Kremlin spokesman Peskov said, &quot;He has very important work right now. You know, we are conducting a military operation. He works instead of confronting you.” He used his words.{% endraw %}
