---
title: "285 HZ PURE TONE - Boost Immune System, Meditation Music"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XXwYUFt8grg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XXwYUFt8grg"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["285 hz","285 hz pure tone","285 hz solfeggio"]
date: "2022-01-18T00:29:15+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-17T08:39:51Z"
duration: "PT3H15M1S"
viewcount: "1"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Improve Your Life"
---
{% raw %}The 285 Hz frequency targets your energy field. It helps in the fast healing of burns, fracture, sprains, cuts, and other injuries. It is most beneficial for addressing holes and other issues in your aura or energetic field. It influences the energy fields sending messages to restructure damaged organs/tissue. It leaves the body rejuvenated and energized and also enhances the immune system.<br /><br />HERE ARE SOME SUGGESTIONS ON HOW TO LISTEN TO 285 HZ<br />Start by finding a quiet place away from any distraction. It can be anywhere that you feel comfortable. It does not have to be 100% quite, it just needs somewhere that you won’t be disturbed for about 15min.<br /><br />Next, you want to find a comfortable place to either lye down or sit. Find what works best for you. Some people like to sit on the floor or chair, while others like to lye down. There is no right or wrong way, just find something that works best for you.<br /><br />Next, listen to the 285hz frequency track. Headphones are not required, they can help you enhance the listening experience and audio stimulation, but if you don’t have them, then don’t worry. Experiment with the volume of the frequencies. Healing music is best set to a low or medium volume. If you are listening through headset then you won’t want it too loud.<br /><br />My suggestion is to use this music as meditation or while in a focused, relaxed state. Just let the waves of frequencies flood over your mind, body and spirit. Allow your mind to be open and awaken to the power of these healing tones. If your mind wanders or gets caught up in a story, just bring it back to the music. Do what feels best with an intention to heal. If you currently have a meditation practice, there is no need to create a new one just for this. Have the music playing in the background while you are doing your usual practice. The most important thing is to relax.<br /><br />The suggested listening time is a minimum of 15 minutes. If you wish to do longer then you can. There is no magical time for listening, but having a minimum of 15 minutes allows you to experience the benefits over a period of time. You can also do it any time of the day. I like meditating to them in the morning and evening, but find what works best for you. Whatever time you choose, try to make it the same every day. Be consistent in your practice and you will see the benefits.<br /><br />RELAXING MUSIC FOR STRESS RELIEF, NATURE SCENERY: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuU9IY7wVbTP0reHarAjzJsq-t7h1DhRc">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuU9IY7wVbTP0reHarAjzJsq-t7h1DhRc</a><br /><br />SIMPLE WAY TO STRESS RELIEF: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuU9IY7wVbTPOuljfyFbgHHxfegyLh9dt">https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLuU9IY7wVbTPOuljfyFbgHHxfegyLh9dt</a><br /><br />THERE IS A LOT MORE INTERESTING AND INSPIRING ON OUR CHANNEL, JOIN: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyUohgmD3aAXom2-yoXfENw">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCyUohgmD3aAXom2-yoXfENw</a><br /><br /><br />RELATED HASHTAGS: <br />#285Hz #285HzPureTone #285HzSolfeggio #285HzTissueHealing #285HzSolfeggioFrequency #285HzMusic #285HzFrequency #285HzSleep #285HzHealing #RapidlyHeals #RegeneratesTissues #FasterTissueCellRepair #BoostImmuneSystem #SolfeggioFrequencies #HealingFrequency #TibetanMeditationMusic<br />#MeditationMusic #MeditationMusicRelaxMindBody #HealingMusic #HealingMusicForTheBodyAndSoul #SleepMusic #HealingSleepMusic{% endraw %}
