---
title: "A TO E ASSESSMENT| NEW TOC| OSCE 2021| Marking Criteria on the description box below"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_tLjRafvdrY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_tLjRafvdrY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["ASSESSMENT|","2021|","Marking"]
date: "2022-02-04T02:03:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-02T19:00:12Z"
duration: "PT16M34S"
viewcount: "6507"
likeCount: "123"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Emer Diego"
---
{% raw %}00:00 - 01:11 - Candidate Briefing<br />01:11 - 01:41 - PPE<br />01:42 - 03:49 - Intro<br />03:50 - 04:24 -  Airway<br />04:25 - 06:18  - Breathing<br />06:19 - 09:19 -  Circulation<br />09:00 - 11:22 - Disability<br />11:23 - 12:31 - Exposure<br />12:32 - 13:31- Documentation<br />13:32 - 14:34 - Close<br />14:35 - 16:34 - Red Flag<br /><br /><br /><br />You will take the new Test of Competence 2021 if:<br /><br />- you start a new application on or after 2 August 2021<br />- you already started an application, but haven't sat an attempt at either the CBT or the OSCE before 2 August 2021.<br /><br />Source: nmc.org.uk<br /><br />For more info:<br /><br />Twitter: @emerdiegoRN<br />Ig: @emerdiego<br />Fb: OSCE for international nurses<br /><br />Assessment marking criteria: all APIEs<br /><br />Assessment criteria<br /><br />1 Assesses the safety of the scene and the privacy and dignity of the patient.<br />2 Cleans hands with alcohol hand rub, or washes with soap and water and dries with paper<br />towels, following World Health (WHO) guidelines.<br />3 Introduces self to person.<br />4 Checks identity (ID) with the person (the person’s name is essential, and either their date<br />of birth or hospital number) verbally, against wristband (where appropriate) and<br />documentation.<br />5 Checks for allergies verbally and on wrist band (where appropriate).<br />6 Gains consent and explains reason for the assessment.<br />7 Uses a calm voice, speech is clear, body language is open, personal space is<br />appropriate.<br />8a Airway: Clear; no visual obstructions.<br />8b Breathing: Respiratory rate; rhythm; depth; oxygen saturation level; respiratory noises<br />(rattle wheeze, stridor, coughing); unequal air entry; visual signs of respiratory distress<br />(use of accessory respiratory muscles, sweating, cyanosis, ‘see-saw’ breathing).<br />8c Circulation: Heart rate; rhythm; strength; blood pressure; capillary refill; pallor and<br />perfusion.<br />8d Disability: conscious level using ACVPU (alert, confusion, voice, pain, unresponsive);<br />presence of pain; urine output; blood glucose.<br />8e Exposure: Takes and records temperature; asks for the presence of bleeds, rashes,<br />injuries and/or bruises; obtains a medical history.<br />9 Accurately measures and documents the patient’s vital signs and specific assessment<br />tools.<br />10 Calculates National Early Warning Score (NEWS) or Glasgow coma scale accurately.<br />11 Accurately completes document: signs, adds date and time on assessment charts.<br />12 Conducts a holistic assessment relevant to the patient’s scenario.<br />13 Disposes of equipment appropriately – verbalisation accepted.<br />14 Cleans hands with alcohol hand rub, or washes with soap and water and dries with paper<br />towels, following WHO guidelines – verbalisation accepted.<br />15 Acts professionally throughout the procedure in accordance with NMC (2018) ‘The Code:<br />Professional standards of practice and behaviour for nurses, midwives and nursing<br />associates’.{% endraw %}
