---
title: "Artemis Fowl — How to Insult the Audience | Anatomy Of A Failure"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/x9H07U0BhAQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "x9H07U0BhAQ"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["artemis fowl","movie","film"]
date: "2022-05-05T00:24:07+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-07-04T16:00:15Z"
duration: "PT19M20S"
viewcount: "1596439"
likeCount: "52749"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Filmento"
---
{% raw %}Support:     <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://patreon.com/filmento">https://patreon.com/filmento</a><br />Follow:       <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/filmento">https://twitter.com/filmento</a><br /><br />Our dearest friend Disney has gifted us with a serious contender for the worst movie of the decade: Artemis Fowl. It was supposed to hit theaters until Disney wised up and put it on Disney+ instead. Had this film actually hit theaters, it would've flopped badly and become another box office disaster with John Carter and The Lone Ranger. The main reason for this is that Artemis Fowl The Movie is one of the most nonsensical films made, and it insults the audience with its stupidity. It's pretty similar to what happened with 2019's The Curse of La Llorona, but only worse. In today's episode of Anatomy of a Failure, let's see why.<br /><br />Thonosrat: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://teespring.com/stores/boutique-filmento">https://teespring.com/stores/boutique-filmento</a><br /><br />#AnatomyOfAFailure #ArtemisFowl<br /><br />clean pg family friendly big expensive house expensive car<br /><br /><br />-<br />Artemis Fowl (2020)<br />Disney’s “Artemis Fowl,” based on the beloved book by Eoin Colfer, is a fantastical, spellbinding adventure that follows the journey of 12-year-old genius Artemis Fowl, a descendant of a long line of criminal masterminds, as he seeks to find his father who has mysteriously disappeared. With the help of his loyal protector Butler, Artemis sets out to find him, and in doing so uncovers an ancient, underground civilization—the amazingly advanced world of fairies. Deducing that his father’s disappearance is somehow connected to Artemis Fowl Is The Worst Disney Movie I've Ever Seen Disney’s Artemis Fowl | Official Trailer  Artemis Fowl - Movie Review Artemis Fowl Pitch Meeting Curse of La Llorona — Making the Worst Horror Film of All Time Watch Artemis Fowl full movie online free 4k clip hd disney+ plus anatomy of a failure artimus fowl bad movie rant the Artemis Fowl honest trailer everything wrong with artemis fowl cinemasins secretive, reclusive fairy world, cunning Artemis concocts a dangerous plan—so dangerous that he ultimately finds himself in a perilous war of wits with the all-powerful fairies.  “Artemis Fowl” is directed by Kenneth Branagh and stars Ferdia Shaw, Lara McDonnell, Josh Gad, Tamara Smart, Nonso Anozie, Josh McGuire, Nikesh Patel, Adrian Scarborough and Miranda Raison, with Colin Farrell and Judi Dench. Kenneth Branagh, p.g.a. and Judy Hofflund, p.g.a. are producing with Angus More Gordon and Matthew Jenkins serving as executive producers. Conor McPherson and Hamish McColl wrote the screenplay.  Disney’s “Artemis Fowl” opens in U.S. theaters on May 29, 2020.<br />-<br />Avengers: Infinity War (2018)<br />Iron Man (Robert Downey Jr.), Spider Man (Tom Holland), Thor (Chris Hemsworth) and all the other Avengers unite to assemble their power in order to fight the necessary battle against their biggest collective enemy, Thanos (Josh Brolin), before he can wreak his havoc across the entire world. Scarlett Johansson, Benedict Cumberbatch, Vin Diesel, Chris Evans, Karen Gillan, Zoe Saldana, and Dave Bautista also star. Directed by Anthony Russo and Joe Russo.<br />-<br />The Curse of La Llorona (2019)<br />Director/co-writer Michael Chaves’s horror film draws supernatural inspiration from Mexican folklore. In 1970s Los Angeles, a social worker discovers that the children under her care are being pursued by the Weeping Woman: a female ghost who abducts living children because she lost her own child. She turns to a priest for assistance in warding off the terrifying maternal spectre.{% endraw %}
