---
title: "Under No Circumstances"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/IoBNOtdzGSQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "IoBNOtdzGSQ"
categories: "Nonprofits-Activism"
tags: ["One city church","one city","cathedral church"]
date: "2022-02-18T22:23:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-20T21:14:58Z"
duration: "PT43M37S"
viewcount: "147"
likeCount: "8"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "One City Church"
---
{% raw %}UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES<br /><br />“When you can’t change your circumstances, get out from under them!”<br /><br />Philippians 4:10-13 (NIV)<br /><br />Key Verse<br />11. “I am not saying this because I am in need, for I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances.”<br /><br />Content (autarkes) – independent of external circumstances<br /><br />“Circumstances don’t control me!”<br /><br />UNDER NO CIRCUMSTANCES<br /><br /><br />SET OF CIRCUMSTANCES<br /><br />Mark 14:31 (TPT)<br />“But Peter was insistent and replied emphatically, “I will absolutely not! Under no circumstances will I ever deny you—even if I have to die with you!” And all the others repeated the same thing.”<br /><br /><br />Peter had a flawed evaluation of their personal strength.<br /><br />Proverbs 16:18 (TPT)<br />“Your boast becomes a prophecy of a future failure. The higher you lift up yourself in pride,<br />the harder you’ll fall in disgrace.”<br /><br />Ephesians 5:18 (NIV)<br />“Do not get drunk on wine, which leads to debauchery. Instead, be filled with the Spirit.”<br /><br />A Word of Caution:<br /><br />1 Corinthians 9:27 (NKJV)<br />“But I discipline my body and bring it into subjection, lest, when I have preached to others, I myself should become disqualified.”<br /><br />The enemy’s anticipation is forcing his focus on your disqualification.<br /><br />Peter failed to realize denial takes place under certain circumstances! <br /><br />Mark 14:54 (NIV)<br />“Peter followed him at a distance, right into the courtyard of the high priest. There he sat with the guards and warmed himself at the fire.”<br /><br />The Set of Circumstances and Peter’s Denial:<br />He warmed himself at their fire<br />He stood in their gateway<br />He began to speak their language<br /><br />Today’s Take Away:<br />Remove yourself from under those set of circumstances!<br /><br /><br />IN SPITE OF MY CIRCUMSTANCES<br /><br />Key Verse<br />11. “I am not saying this because I am in need, for I have learned to be content whatever the circumstances.”<br /><br />Content (autarkes) – independent of external circumstances<br /><br />The Secret of Contentment:<br />It is learned.<br />It is independent of circumstances.<br />It requires the strength found in Christ.<br /><br />Learned (manthano) – the increase of knowledge through use and practice, habit<br /><br /><br />WHEN WILL LIFE RETURN TO PRE-COVID NORMAL?<br /><br />Romans 8:28 (TPT)<br />“So, we are convinced that every detail of our lives is continually woven together to fit into God’s perfect plan of bringing good into our lives, for we are his lovers who have been called to fulfill his designed purpose.”<br /><br />Philippians 1:12 (NAS)<br />“Now I want you to know, brothers and sisters, that my circumstances have turned out for the greater progress of the gospel.”<br /><br />Controlled Circumstances:<br />Everything is Father filtered.<br />God has not lost control.<br />God will extract the good from a bad situation.<br />Circumstances will create new opportunities for the presentation of the gospel.<br /><br />“Everything can be taken from a man but one thing: the last of the human freedoms—to choose one’s attitude in any given set of circumstances, to choose one’s own way.”<br />Viktor Frankl<br /><br />Uncontrollable circumstances don’t control you!<br /><br /><br />1 Thessalonians 5:16-20 (NIV)<br />“Give thanks in all circumstances, DO NOT quench the Spirit, DO NOT treat prophecies with contempt.”<br /><br />“Circumstances don’t control me!”<br /><br />“Today, I am coming out from under my circumstances!”<br />R. Feldschau – 1/15/22<br /><br />Ministered<br /><br />O.C.C. (TX) Sunday 1/16/22{% endraw %}
