---
title: "The most beautiful place in Ireland?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Ea67rMarjK8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Ea67rMarjK8"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["beautiful","place","Ireland?"]
date: "2022-01-31T14:54:59+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-30T17:00:09Z"
duration: "PT17M41S"
viewcount: "14114"
likeCount: "1110"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Lost In Transit"
---
{% raw %}Our time here in Dingle was so jam packed we had to split one week's worth of footage over two vlogs. You join us where we left off last weeks vlog and we continue to explore this amazing peninsula.<br />With our two week stay at Harriet's Cottage, a beautiful home in Dingle town, coming to an end, we realise we have been neglecting some of our van chores, and so with a desire to prevent history repeating we head off in search of gas. We find a merchants (MacEoin's General Merchants Ltd.) who sort us out with two fresh tanks of gas, enough to keep us going for some time. With the gas sorted we head off to explore more of the Dingle Peninsula. We head to the north side where we find Fermoyle Strand a long expanse of sand where surfers ride waves beside the mountains. Isabel decides to gather the drift wood in hopes of a fire, but we decide it is too early and head off. We drive the length of the bay and stop at the far end, Stradbally beach, the surf is much messier here and we are the only people here on the shore. Tom relaxes, listening to the sound of the waves, while Isabel gets back to her wrecking. The beach is cleared of anything that might burn and the flotsam is piled into the back of the van. Deciding to turn our day of adventuring into a loop back to Dingle town we head in the direction of Glanteenassig Forest Park. Nestled in among the peaks that span the central spine of this little spit of land we find a forested lough. We spend the afternoon wandering around the waters on a board walk that encloses it. We stop for coffee that we brew on our new camping stove that we bought from the gas merchant and head back to the van. Our next destination Inch beach, a strand that forms a smaller peninsula off of the dingle peninsular. We watch the distant mountains that make up the ring of Kerry over the water as the light fades. Isabel's foraged wood stores make another appearance and we light a small fire on the beach.<br />The next day following 3 jam packed days of adventuring (Last weeks vlog was the two days preceding this vlog) we decide to slow down. Tom edits a vlog for you to enjoy and we make the van hospitable again ready for our return. That evening we meet up with Steph, Geoffrey &amp; Sophia (<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.instagram.com/navigatingneena/).">https://www.instagram.com/navigatingneena/).</a> With covid meaning our visit to Dick Macks is cut short we head back to their van to enjoy some cans and conversation. <br />The next day we wake, slightly groggy but with a can do attitude. In convoy with our new friends we head to Minard Castle, a ruin on the side of a pebble beach (pebble's the size of a small car). We then turn to the hills and make for Annascaul lake where Isabel braves the cold and has a go at paddle-boarding in one of the most scenic of locations. After this we all pile back in the cars and make back to our BnB, where we get a chance to play host for our final night in the house.<br />Then next morning on returning to the van we decide there is one thing in Dingle we really want to do before leaving. Climb Mt Brandon, the tallest mountain on the peninsula and the second tallest in Ireland. We drive to Faha carpark to begin the hike, this route is longer but more beautiful. We walk through valleys and up steep rocky slopes until we reach the top of the mountain in glorious sunshine (although also a lot of wind). Having reached the top we enjoy the views before turning back down. Having accomplished our final goal for Dingle, with heavy hearts, we say good bye. We drive off to Kilarney National Park, where we realise we left our forks in the BnB.<br /><br />Thank you so much for watching, If you enjoyed our little video please give us a like as it helps us to grow. If you want to see more of our videos please consider subscribing as this will make youtube show you more of our videos, and if you also click the bell icon you will get a notification every time we upload!<br />If you have any questions or just fancy a chat feel free to drop us a comment, we try our best to get back to everyone.<br /><br />For more info on the AirBnB:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.airbnb.ie/rooms/12675172">https://www.airbnb.ie/rooms/12675172</a><br /><br />W3W:<br />MacEoin's General Merchants Limited /// doses.teams.sidle<br />Fermoyle strand /// tells.blown.sharer<br />Stradbally beach /// museum.morter.smoke<br />Glanteenassig forest park ///mattress.terrain.slid<br />Inch beach /// endings.singe.corn<br />Dick Macks /// hidden.cycled.lump<br />Minard castle /// gain.loop.mopey<br />Annascaul lake /// pings.civil.enhances<br />Faha carpark /// weaken.gains.rivers{% endraw %}
