---
title: "Putin's Army Chaos! UK's 'state-of-the-art' weapon knocks out Russia with 'absolute precision'"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/aDvGtGBGxKA\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "aDvGtGBGxKA"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["EU news","Vladimir Putin","Putin"]
date: "2022-06-06T10:33:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-06-06T07:25:09Z"
duration: "PT3M45S"
viewcount: "158"
likeCount: "26"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "REP UPDATE"
---
{% raw %}Putin's Army Chaos! UK's 'state-of-the-art' weapon knocks out Russia with 'absolute precision'<br /><br />THE UK is sending multiple-launch rocket systems that can strike targets up to 80km away to Ukraine to fight against Vladimir Putin's forces.<br /><br />The UK Defence Secretary has announced that the UK will give multiple-launch rocket systems (MLRS) to Ukraine to &quot;help the country defend itself against Russian aggression&quot;. The MoD said that the artillery system is a &quot;cutting edge M270 weapon system&quot; as it can strike targets up to 80km away with &quot;pinpoint accuracy&quot;.<br /><br />According to the MoD, the weapon will offer a &quot;significant boost&quot; in capability for the Ukrainian forces.<br /><br />In an announcement, the MoD said that the UK’s decision to provide Ukraine with the rocket system &quot;has been co-ordinated closely with the US decision to gift the High Mobility Artillery Rocket System (HIMARS) variant of MLRS&quot;.<br /><br />Alongside the weapon system, the UK will also supply M31A1 munitions at scale.<br /><br />It comes as the Ukrainian President Volodymyr Zelensky has been requesting longer range precision weapons from the West over the past few weeks.<br /><br />The need for the weapons comes as Russian heavy artillery is used against the country in the eastern Donbas region, with a devastating effect.<br /><br />In a statement, Defence Secretary Ben Wallace expressed UK's support to Ukraine as the country defends itself against the Russian invasion.<br /><br />Mr Wallace said: &quot;The UK stands with Ukraine in this fight and is taking a leading role in supplying its heroic troops with the vital weapons they need to defend their country from unprovoked invasion.<br /><br />&quot;If the international community continues its support, I believe Ukraine can win.&quot;<br /><br />He added: “As Russia's tactics change, so must our support to Ukraine.<br /><br />&quot;These highly capable multiple-launch rocket systems will enable our Ukrainian friends to better protect themselves against the brutal use of long-range artillery, which Putin's forces have used indiscriminately to flatten cities.&quot;<br /><br />The UK MoD said Ukrainian troops will be trained on how to use the launchers in the UK, so they can &quot;maximise the effectiveness of the systems&quot;.<br /><br />Britain previously announced that Ukrainian personnel would be trained to use a variety of armoured vehicles which the UK donated, including Mastiff, Husky and Wolfhound.<br /><br />The UK was the first European country to supply lethal aid to Ukraine, and has since provided thousands of anti-tank missiles, anti-air systems and armoured vehicles to Ukrainian forces.<br /><br />Britain has also coordinated international donations of military aid, with RAF aircraft moving thousands of tonnes of military assistance from donors around the world to Ukraine.<br /><br />The MoD said: &quot;The UK will continue to provide aid to ensure Ukraine has what it needs to defend itself against brutal Russian aggression.&quot;<br /><br />Earlier today, Putin sent a chilling warning to the West that Russia would strike new targets if longer-range missiles are supplied to Ukraine.<br /><br />The TASS news agency quoted the Russian leader saying that if such missiles are supplied, &quot;we will strike at those targets which we have not yet been hitting&quot;.<br /><br />Putin did not name the targets Russia planned to pursue if Western countries began supplying Ukraine with longer-range missiles. He said the &quot;fuss&quot; around Western weapon supplies to Ukraine was designed to drag out the conflict.<br /><br /><br /><br />__________________________________<br />Subscribe to the channel and turn on the notification bell to avoid missing out on top videos. Thank you so much audience !<br /><br />All rights reserved:<br />Website: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.repglobal.net/">https://www.repglobal.net/</a>{% endraw %}
