---
title: "Suleiman Gives Advices to Mihrimah | Magnificent Century"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/_cYIqT1bxDY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "_cYIqT1bxDY"
categories: "Film-Animation"
tags: ["Magnificent century","Maginificent century english","magnificent century full episodes"]
date: "2022-01-22T20:25:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-22T13:00:17Z"
duration: "PT9M18S"
viewcount: "7498"
likeCount: "155"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Magnificent Century"
---
{% raw %}Suleiman Gives Advices to Mihrimah | Magnificent Century<br />&quot;I’M NOT HAPPY WITH RUSTEM&quot;  Magnificent Century Episode 117: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/pwGRYK1Msoc">https://youtu.be/pwGRYK1Msoc</a><br /><br />Will Rustem and Mihrimah get a divorce?<br /><br />Hürrem tries to change Mihrimah's mind about getting a divorce. Rüstem gets consumed with jealousy and walks up to Elkas. Suleiman charges Selim as Vice Regent instead of Mustafa. Mustafa finds out who has betrayed him. Fatma gets shocked because of Elkas's confession of love but she lays down her arms  to love. The secret of the letter received by Mihrimah reveals. Rüstem asks to be relieved from Grand Vizier. Suleiman makes a shocking decision abaout Rüstem and Mihrimah. Suleiman who is excelled in his power gets defeated by his body just as his strongest moment.<br /><br />Hürrem tries to change Mihrimah's mind about getting a divorce. Rüstem starts looking for who has written the letter having a jealousy attack. Things get even messier when Suleiman learns about it.<br /><br />The golden years of the Ottoman Empire come to life in a television series. The life of Suleiman the Magnificent is preparing to be a guest in your homes in all its glory. Get ready to experience the era with ambition, loves, wars and all the struggle.<br /><br />Prince Solomon, with his closest man, Ibrahim Pargam Ibrahim receives the bad news in a hunt. His father Yavuz Sultan Selim Khan passed away. Prince Suleyman sets out for Istanbul without waiting. Prince Süleyman quickly reaches the capital. He attends the culus ceremony without waiting. His life changed in one day. He started his life as Sultan Süleyman.<br />Meanwhile, a galley loaded with slaves coming over the Black Sea is heading towards Istanbul. The hottest of the slaves is not yet aware that he is on a journey that will change his destiny. He is rebelling helplessly to return.<br /><br />Sultan Süleyman wants to show what kind of sultan he is by the commands he gave on the first day of his sultanate. But not everyone will like these decisions. Sultan Süleyman does not hesitate to challenge all of Europe with the messages he sends.<br /><br />Alex, despite all his rebellion, is brought to the Topkapi palace. His attitude attracted the attention of Valide Sultan from the first moment. But it won't be long before Alex learns the rules of the palace. He chooses a great target. Alex, Sultan Suleyman's first night on the way to attract his attention. Sultan Suleiman's wife Mahidevran just arrived from the palace of Manisa. He is looking forward to seeing his wife.<br /><br />Şehzade Süleyman, en yakın adamı Pargalı İbrahim ile birlikte çıktığı bir avda alır kötü haberi. Babası Yavuz Sultan Selim Han vefat etmiştir. Şehzade Süleyman hiç beklemeden, İstanbul’a doğru yola çıkar. Şehzade Süleyman hızla payitahta ulaşır. Hiç beklemeden cülus törenine katılır. Bir günde hayatı değişmiş. Sultan Süleyman olarak padişahlık hayatına başlamıştır.<br /><br />Bu sırada, Karadeniz üzerinden içi köle yüklü bir kadırga, İstanbul’a doğru gelmektedir. Kölelerden en ateşli olanı ise, kaderini değiştirecek olan yolculuğa çıktığının henüz farkında değildir. Geri dönmek için çaresiz bir şekilde isyan etmektedir.<br /><br />Sultan Süleyman, padişahlığının ilk gününde verdiği buyruklarla nasıl bir padişah olduğunu göstermek ister. Ama bu kararlar herkesin hoşuna gitmeyecektir. Sultan Süleyman ise gönderdiği mesajlarla, tüm Avrupa’ya meydan okumaktan çekinmez.<br /><br />Alex, tüm isyankarlığına rağmen, Topkapı sarayına getirilir. Onun bu tavrı ilk andan itibaren Valide Sultan’ın dikkatini çeker. Ama Alex’in sarayın kurallarını öğrenmesi uzun sürmez. Kendisine büyük bir hedef seçer. Alex, Sultan Süleyman’ın karşısına çıktığı ilk gecede onun ilgisini çekmeyi başarır. Sultan Süleyman’ın eşi Mahidevran ise Manisa sarayından yeni gelmiş. Eşi ile görüşmeyi sabırsızlıkla beklemektedir.<br /><br />Official Page of Magnificent Century: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://eng.tims.tv/diziler/magnificent-century">http://eng.tims.tv/diziler/magnificent-century</a><br />Official Twitter Page of Magnificent Century: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/MYAskiderun">https://twitter.com/MYAskiderun</a><br />Official Facebook Page of Tims: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/NXjRta">https://goo.gl/NXjRta</a><br />Official Twitter Page of Tims: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://goo.gl/yVvgH0">https://goo.gl/yVvgH0</a><br /><br />#tims #magnificentcentury #muhtesemyuzyil #suleiman #hurrem #sultan #ottoman{% endraw %}
