---
title: "Can a Mattress Topper Make Your Bed Firmer? GoodBed Explains."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ahU9hMTfyIo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ahU9hMTfyIo"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["mattress","reviews","information"]
date: "2022-05-18T01:36:29+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-19T21:49:08Z"
duration: "PT2M18S"
viewcount: "4763"
likeCount: "77"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "GoodBed"
---
{% raw %}A top question from GoodBed readers: If my mattress is too soft, can I fix it by adding a firm mattress topper? Mike, GoodBed's founder and CEO, explains the pitfalls with this solution...<br /><br />At GoodBed, you won’t find generic advice about which mattress to buy – that’s because the #1 thing you need to know when shopping for a mattress is that mattresses are highly personal. This means a mattress that’s great for one person can very easily be terrible for you, and vice versa. This insight is what led us to create GoodBed and our extremely unique solution for mattress shoppers.<br /><br />GoodBed.com is first and only personalized and independent guide for mattress shopping, helping you search across brands and stores to quickly narrow in on the best options for you. We start by breaking every mattress down into what we call it's Mattress DNA™, which are nearly 50 discrete characteristics of a mattress that can be objectively and scientifically measured -- this is why our reviews are so much longer and more in-depth than any other review source. We then provide tools to help you find the mattress with the characteristics that best match your personal requirements — this is why you won't find generic (and highly misleading) lists of the so-called &quot;best mattresses&quot; on GoodBed. <br /><br />Perhaps the best example of our unique approach is the GoodBed Quiz, which we believe is by far the best starting point for any mattress shopper. This quiz first takes you through a brief but thorough assessment of your needs, preferences, and priorities. It then uses a proprietary algorithm to search across thousands of available mattresses from hundreds of brands and stores (both online and offline). Ultimately, it provides you with a short list of options that best match your personal mattress requirements as it relates to GoodBed's 3 F's — Fit, Feel, and Features — and includes a personalized explanation of why each selected product is a good match for you.<br /><br />You can take the GoodBed Quiz to find your best mattress here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.goodbed.com/mattress-finder/">https://www.goodbed.com/mattress-finder/</a><br /><br />At GoodBed.com, you’ll also find:<br /><br />• In-depth expert reviews of over 100 of the most popular mattresses – showing you exactly which types of sleepers are best for each mattress, so you can buy with confidence and eliminate any surprises<br />• More than 500,000 unbiased ratings from real mattress owners – including vital details about the sleepers who posted each review, so you can determine how relevant their experience is to you<br />• The best available mattress deals, coupons, and discounts – continuously updated by GoodBed<br />• Plus GoodBed's $50 Cash Back program, which provides you with an extra reward for shopping at the most reputable local retailers<br /><br />Have a question or comment?  Drop us a line below and we'll try to respond ASAP.{% endraw %}
