---
title: "Ferrari NEW SOLUTION to Reduce Porpoising in Barcelona!?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/aOWhyODlVEs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "aOWhyODlVEs"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["ferrari","formula 1","f1"]
date: "2022-05-17T00:45:41+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-14T13:28:06Z"
duration: "PT8M23S"
viewcount: "105830"
likeCount: "1386"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "GP Culture"
---
{% raw %}#f12022 #f1news #formula1<br /><br />🔔 Subscribe now with all notifications on for more F1, F1 news and more<br /><br />While #Ferrari have been turning up to the track this season, they haven’t really got running in the development race yet this season. Their car has been porpoising at every race so far but unlike #Mercedes they have been able to compete with #RedBull for race wins. Recently though RedBull have been way ahead in car development and it is starting to hurt the prancing horses title credentials. In Barcelona though that is going to change and it couldn’t come at a more perfect time for the #Scuderia. Let us fill you in on why now is the perfect time for Ferrari to make changes and how they’re going to help them beat #MaxVerstappen.<br /><br /><br />📺 Watch the entire video for more information!<br /><br />_________________________________________________________________<br /><br />About GP Culture<br /><br />🎥 Videos about F1, F1 news and more<br />🎨 Written, voiced and produced by GP CULTURE<br /><br />Watch More from GP CULTURE<br /><br />🟢 Ferrari's WEAK SPOT is why Red Bull keeps winning<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/VpXizFLvzTg">https://youtu.be/VpXizFLvzTg</a><br />🔴 Mercedes NEW SOLUTION! Race with TWO W13's This Season?<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/cm6Mkfjn5lE">https://youtu.be/cm6Mkfjn5lE</a><br />🟠 This TINY thing SOLVES Red Bull from PORPOISING<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/2Ho6qwXdriA">https://youtu.be/2Ho6qwXdriA</a><br /><br />_____________________________________________________<br /><br />💼 Business Inquiries and Contact<br />• For business inquiries, copyright matters or other inquiries please contact us at: business.gpculture@gmail.com<br /><br />❓ Copyright Questions<br />• If you have any copyright questions or issues you can contact us at business.gpculture@gmail.com<br /><br />⚠️ Copyright Disclaimers<br />• We use images and content in accordance with the YouTube Fair Use copyright guidelines<br />• Section 107 of the U.S. Copyright Act states: “Notwithstanding the provisions of sections 106 and 106A, the fair use of a copyrighted work, including such use by reproduction in copies or phonorecords or by any other means specified by that section, for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching (including multiple copies for classroom use), scholarship, or research, is not an infringement of copyright.” <br />• This video could contain certain copyrighted video clips, pictures, or photographs that were not specifically authorized to be used by the copyright holder(s), but which we believe in good faith are protected by federal law and the fair use doctrine for one or more of the reasons noted above.{% endraw %}
