---
title: "11 Best foods That Can Lower Your Cholesterol Level Naturally | How To Reduce Cholesterol Quickly"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/BtS7ZDshepU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "BtS7ZDshepU"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["11 best foods that can lower your cholesterol level","how to lower cholesterol","how to lower cholesterol naturally"]
date: "2022-04-27T23:32:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-10-07T13:32:12Z"
duration: "PT4M41S"
viewcount: "9422"
likeCount: "108"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Health Tutor"
---
{% raw %}How To Reduce Cholesterol Quickly? In this video we will talk How to lover cholesterol level naturally. These 11 foods help to lower your cholesterol level naturally.  Let’s discuss 11 foods that can lower cholesterol and improve other risk factors for heart disease. Heart disease is the world’s leading cause of death. Having high cholesterol levels  especially bad LDL  is linked to an increased risk of heart disease. Low “good” HDL cholesterol and high triglycerides are also linked to increased risk. Your diet has a powerful effect on your cholesterol and other risk factors.<br /><br />From Fatty Fish, Kale, Okra, to Chia Seeds and more, watch till the end to learn about all of them.<br /><br />Click Here to Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://www.youtube.com/c/HealthTutor">http://www.youtube.com/c/HealthTutor</a> <br /><br />Other videos recommended for you:<br /><br />WATCH 🎥:  11 High Carb Foods You Should Avoid In Your Daily Diet<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/BtS7ZDshepU">https://youtu.be/BtS7ZDshepU</a><br /><br />WATCH 🎥: 11 best foods to eat in the morning<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/sg7tg6RRY7M">https://youtu.be/sg7tg6RRY7M</a><br /><br />#CholesterolLoweringFoods  #HighCholesterol #LowerCholesterol  #CholesterolLevel #Cholesterol <br /><br />Sources: healthline.com/nutrition<br /><br />Timestamps:<br />Intro - 0:00<br />1. Legumes - 00:32<br />2. Okra - 00:51<br />3. Oats - 01:06<br />4. Avocados - 01:31<br />5. Fatty fish - 02:02<br />6. Kale - 02:32<br />7. Nuts - 02:50<br />8. Fruits &amp; Berries - 03:08<br />9. Vegetable oil - 03:48<br />10. Chia seeds - 04:01<br />11. Vegetables - 04:21<br /><br />Summary:<br />1. Fruits and Berries<br />Fruit is an excellent addition to a heart-healthy diet for several reasons. Many types of fruit are rich in soluble fiber, which helps lower cholesterol levels.<br /><br />2. Chia Seeds<br />Looking for a vegetarian form of omega-3s. Chia seeds are full of the fatty acid, as well as fiber, protein, and antioxidants. They can be consumed whole or added to soups, cereal, smoothies, puddings, and even baked goods.<br /><br />3. Fatty Fish<br />Fatty fish, such as salmon and mackerel, are excellent sources of long-chain omega-3 fatty acids. Omega-3s bolster heart health by increasing “good” HDL cholesterol and lowering inflammation and stroke risk.<br /><br />4 Avocados<br />Avocados are an exceptionally nutrient-dense fruit. They’re a rich source of monounsaturated fats and fiber two nutrients that help lower “bad” LDL and raise “good” HDL cholesterol.<br /><br />For more information, please watch the video until the very end.<br />----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------<br />▶ Subscribe to the channel! -<a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/32lg45n">http://bit.ly/32lg45n</a><br /><br />▶ Queries Solved<br />how to lower cholesterol<br />cholesterol lowering foods<br />foods that lower cholesterol<br />how to reduce cholesterol<br />how to lower cholesterol naturally<br />foods to lower cholesterol<br />low cholesterol foods<br />how to lower cholesterol fast<br />best foods to lower cholesterol<br />lower cholesterol naturally<br />foods that lower cholesterol fast<br />how to lower cholesterol<br />cholesterol<br />high cholesterol<br />lower cholesterol<br />cholesterol diet<br />low cholesterol diet<br />bad cholesterol<br />good cholesterol<br />healthy diet<br />health tips<br />nutrition<br />bestie health<br />cholesterol levels<br />bestie videos{% endraw %}
