---
title: "Elden Ring - Top 12 Best Weapons Overall and Where to Find Them"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/9O6UYknR4Mo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "9O6UYknR4Mo"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["elden ring","elden ring best weapon","elden ring best weapons"]
date: "2022-04-13T13:04:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-12T18:00:02Z"
duration: "PT18M5S"
viewcount: "11535"
likeCount: "1709"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Dare To Game"
---
{% raw %}Elden Ring - Top 12 Best Weapons Overall and How to Get Them<br />For cheap Elden Ring Runes, Weapons, Armor, and other Items be sure to check out <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/DTG-Aoeah">https://bit.ly/DTG-Aoeah</a> , enter code “DTG” for 3% off your purchase.<br /><br />The best Elden Ring weapons can be the difference between struggling through The Lands Between inch by inch, or carving a brisk and bloody path towards your rightful Elden Lordhood. And while yes, there's clout in taking on every boss with a wooden club, there are so many weird and wonderful tools for murder hidden across the world that are well worth hunting down.<br /><br />How to Get the Hand Ballista in Elden Ring. How to Get the Pulley Bow in Elden Ring. How to Get The Carian Regal Scepter in Elden Ring. How to Get the Starscourge Greatsword in Elden Ring. How to get the Winged Scythe in Elden Ring. How to Get the Golden Halberd in Elden Ring. How to Get the Banished Knight Halberd in Elden Ring. How to Get The Reduvia in Elden Ring. How to Get the Misericorde in Elden Ring. How to get the Rivers of Blood in Elden Ring. How to get the moonveil katana in Elden Ring. How to get the Sword of Night and Flame in Elden Ring. Where to find the Hand Ballista in Elden Ring. Where to find the Pulley Bow in Elden Ring. Where to find The Carian Regal Scepter in Elden Ring. Where to Find the Starscourge Greatsword in Elden Ring. Where to find the Winged Scythe in Elden Ring. Where to find the Golden Halberd in Elden Ring. Where to find the Banished Knight Halberd in Elden Ring. Where to find The Reduvia in Elden Ring. Where to Find the Misericorde in Elden Ring. Where to find the Rivers of Blood in Elden Ring. Where to find the Moonveil Katana in Elden Ring. Where to Find the Sword of Night and Flame in Elden Ring.<br /><br />#EldenRing is an action role-playing game developed by #FromSoftware and published by Bandai Namco Entertainment. The game was made in collaboration with fantasy novelist George R. R. Martin, who provided material for the game's setting. It was released for Microsoft Windows, PlayStation 4, PlayStation 5, Xbox One, and Xbox Series X/S on February 25, 2022.<br /><br />Elden Ring takes place in the realm of the Lands Between, sometime after the destruction of the titular Elden Ring and the scattering of its shards, the Great Runes. Once graced by the Ring and the Erdtree which symbolizes its presence, the realm is now ruled over by the demigod offspring of Queen Marika the Eternal, each possessing a shard of the Ring that corrupts and taints them with power. As Tarnished—exiles from the Lands Between who lost the Ring's grace and are summoned back after the Shattering, players must traverse the realm to ultimately find all the Great Runes, restore the Elden Ring, and become the Elden Lord.<br /><br />Join this channel to get access to perks:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_tvsh770ekKcibSveKqyQw/join">https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC_tvsh770ekKcibSveKqyQw/join</a>{% endraw %}
