---
title: "35 Dirt Cheap Emergency Foods You Forgot To Buy Before The Imminent Economic Collapse"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/8Dl4mD2633I\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "8Dl4mD2633I"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Economic collapse","economic collapse 2022","imminent economic collapse"]
date: "2022-02-05T12:55:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-04T16:58:17Z"
duration: "PT15M55S"
viewcount: "24223"
likeCount: "1993"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Epic Economist"
---
{% raw %}As the economic collapse accelerates, a massive food shortage is on the horizon, but most people don’t even know what’s coming next. With fertilizer prices going through the roof, farmers are simply giving up on their crops, and global food production is at perilously low levels right now. <br />Meanwhile, food prices are rising at the fastest pace ever recorded, with grain prices soaring 70% since 2020, and meat, poultry, and pork prices jumping by over 30% over the past year. Inflation is running at the highest level in over 40 years, and what we experienced so far is just the beginning. It seems that empty shelves are becoming the new normal in this country, which means that now is the time to start stockpiling supplies before we don’t find them anywhere anymore. <br />Stockpiling isn’t always easy and it can be quite expensive, that’s why today, we gathered a list of cheap foods you can start adding to your pantry. It’s essential to consider that we must look beyond the price tag. What we want is to make sure that our food supplies can give us the biggest bang for our buck. Survival foods are about calories and sustaining our bodies during extreme times. So we analyzed the cost per calorie and the versatility of each item. <br />Never forget that if you fail to plan, then you plan to fail. Check for more prepping advice on websites such as Ask A Prepper and Urban Survival Website. It can be incredibly helpful to learn from those who have been doing this for years. There are always more prepper tips and tricks you can learn to start your journey. Survivalism preparedness isn’t always easy, but with some guidance, you can get through it, you just need to take the first step. <br />Building your emergency stockpile can help you to avoid the chaos of an uncertain future. Find the best value for your money by buying high-calorie, nutrient-dense foods, and plenty of water. We never know when a new disaster or shortage will emerge. But we can know for sure that being prepared doesn’t hurt. Prices can vary depending on where you live, but you can always find great deals online. <br />The worst is yet to come, and global events are escalating by the day. Hunger crises are emerging in every corner of the globe, and the possibility of a worldwide famine seems to be gaining force as food manufacturing slows down and our supply chains persistently collapse. For that reason, you should check our 35 dirt cheap emergency foods to buy before the imminent economic collapse. Don’t forget to share your thoughts in the comment section and your own experience with prepping. <br /><br /><br /> <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.epiceconomist.com​">https://www.epiceconomist.com​</a>{% endraw %}
