---
title: "NATIONAL CLOSE THE GAP DAY PRE-RECORDED PANEL EVENT"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qxh7g0xmcnk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qxh7g0xmcnk"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["University of Canberra","UC"]
date: "2022-03-19T04:41:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-17T01:00:13Z"
duration: "PT56M18S"
viewcount: "408"
likeCount: "18"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "University Of Canberra"
---
{% raw %}On behalf of the University of Canberra’s Office of Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Leadership and Strategy (OATSILS) we hope you enjoy this YouTube Premiere of the virtual pre-recorded panel event to mark the National Close the Gap Day on Thursday, 17 March 2022.<br /> <br />Our distinguished UC panelists have joined OATSILS A/g Associate Director, Kirsten Tapine to discuss the Close the Gap Campaign, targets and how they are supporting the campaign. Panelists have also reflected on how UC and other organisations can effectively respond to Indigenous Communities voices in meaningful and culturally respectful ways. The discussions are a unique opportunity to unpack the complexity of reporting on Indigenous health outcomes, as well as better positioning attendees to lend their support to Closing the Gap initiatives. UC's Vice-Chancellor and President, Professor Paddy Nixon will be opening the event and sharing his remarks of the day. <br /><br />Following this, Kirsten will be joined by the panelists: Professor Geoff Crisp (DVC Academic), Benny Wilson (Assistant Professor in Education), Professor Michelle Lincoln (Executive Dean, Health), Dr Holly Northam (Senior Lecturer, Health), Professor Alison Gerard (Head of Canberra Law School, BGL), and Dr Wayne Applebee (Senior Lecturer Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Specialisation, Health).<br /> <br />The Close the Gap campaign began in 2005 commencing with our very own UC Chancellor, Professor Tom Calma AO, the then Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander Social Justice Commissioner, who released his report highlighting the gap in life expectancy and health standards in Australia. The Close the Gap process then established in 2007, has been significantly redeveloped in 2020. The new process is underpinned by a commitment to establish a genuine partnership between governments and Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander peoples. The National Agreement on Closing the Gap now has 17 targets across the following outcome areas which are:<br />Education, Employment, Health and Wellbeing, Justice, Safety, Housing, Land and Waters, <br />Languages, and Economic Participation.<br /> <br />The University of Canberra is also excited to announce its latest UC Pro short course, First Nations Peoples’ Health. Designed under the guidance of Ngunnawal Elders, this course will guide you to critically reflect on historical and contemporary issues affecting the relationships between Indigenous and non-Indigenous Australians in the context of health and wellbeing. During this 100% online course, you’ll engage with 10 self-paced units of insightful content and regular Yarning Circles, gaining the skills to demonstrate cultural capability and build the health affirming reconciled relationships so highly sought-after in the modern workplace. Apply now as enrolments close 12 April 2022. More information here: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.canberra.edu.au/ucpro/courses/first-nations-peoples-health">https://www.canberra.edu.au/ucpro/courses/first-nations-peoples-health</a>{% endraw %}
