---
title: "How to Save Big with Loyalty Cards in 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Pk-OpoOicjk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Pk-OpoOicjk"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["save money","loyalty","loyalty program"]
date: "2022-04-19T21:05:53+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-15T10:00:13Z"
duration: "PT6M6S"
viewcount: "2369"
likeCount: "35"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "hotukdeals"
---
{% raw %}More and more of us are trying to save points and £££'s by using various loyalty cards, due to factors like inflation and the ever-increasing cost of living amid stagnating wages. In turn, so many more shops are opening loyalty schemes at a pace like never before, allowng you to turn your spend into money and/or vouchers. Here are the best ones to save yourself an absolute fortune with! <br /><br />See Our Complete Guide to Loyalty Cards ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/Cards2022">https://hukd.com/Cards2022</a><br />Download Our App ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/DLApp">https://hukd.com/DLApp</a><br /><br />Intro 0:00<br />Supermarket Loyalty Cards 0:13<br />Tesco Clubcard 0:22<br />Morrisons &amp; LIDL 0:52<br />M&amp;S &amp; Iceland 1:10<br />Fuel Loyalty Schemes 1:26<br />BPme &amp; Texaco Rewards 1:35<br />Nectar (Sainsbury's &amp; Esso), Shell 1:51<br />Tesco Fuel &amp; Costco 2:07 <br />Mobile Phone Reward Schemes 2:21 <br />O2 Priority &amp; Vodafone VeryMe 2:37<br />3 Mobile, Airtime Rewards 2:57<br />Health, Beauty &amp; Clothing 3:14<br />H&amp;M 3:27 <br />Nike, Adidas, ASICS 3:37 <br />Uniqlo, Urban Outfitters &amp; Others 3:53<br />MAC, Boots, John Lewis 4:26 <br />Home &amp; DIY 5:01<br />Outro 5:29<br /><br />Subscribe ► <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/YTsubscribe">https://hukd.com/YTsubscribe</a><br /><br />Social Media<br /><br />► Website <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/homepage">https://hukd.com/homepage</a><br />► Facebook <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/YTfacebook">https://hukd.com/YTfacebook</a><br />► Twitter <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/YTtwitter">https://hukd.com/YTtwitter</a><br />► Instagram <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/YTinstagram">https://hukd.com/YTinstagram</a><br />► TikTok <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://hukd.com/YTtiktok">https://hukd.com/YTtiktok</a><br /><br />Supermarkets Loyalty Cards<br /><br />Tesco's Clubcard has tons of benefits, including points on food, fuel, fashion and more both in-store and online. There’s also tons of exclusive deals such as regular massive discounts on Disney+ and more. <br /><br />Sainsburys meanwhile give 1 point for all pounds spent at Supermarkets and online, as well as for every litre of fuel filled up from their petrol stations. They also regularly drop more points in offers at their app. <br /><br />ASDA meanwhile are inviting customers to use their new ASDA Rewards loyalty scheme in a small number of trial stores, now 48 stores and growing. <br /> <br />Both Morrisons and LIDL now have reward schemes in place, with Morrisons’ MyMorrisons scheme offering personalised money-off digital vouchers, you simply scan the app at the till. LIDL’s app meanwhile has regular money-off deals as well as loyalty perks. <br /> <br />M&amp;S offers regular freebies such as free hot cross buns, with random Sparks customers every week getting their shopping for free. Iceland’s Bonus card loyalty membership bags you free delivery, lower prices and £1 back for every £20 you save. <br /><br />Save Money with Fuel Loyalty Schemes<br /> <br />One of the most worthy is the BP rewards scheme, with 500 points for signing up being worth £2.50. Earn points by shopping and filling up with fuel, and redeem the instore for fuel or with BP’s partners. <br /><br />Texaco meanwhile offer 200 points for downloading their app. Once you’re at 500 you’ll get a range of £5 vouchers from other retailers. <br /><br />With the Nectar scheme (which works at Sainsbury’s &amp; Esso) you can use your nectar points t get 5p off every litre of fuel for swapping 300 points. <br /><br />Shell’s Go+ scheme gives you 10% off hot drinks, deli food and more wiith £10 fuel spend. Tesco will give one point for every £2 spent on fuel, with £1.50 of vouchers for every 150 points you pick up. <br /><br /> <br />Mobile Phone Reward Schemes<br /><br />Some of our favourites are the O2 Priority and Vodafone VeryMe schemes.<br /> <br />O2 Priority grants priority tickets to thousands of gigs and events in the UK as well as pre-sale tickets and loads of free food and drink. Vodafone VeryMe status meanwhile gets you two weekly VUE cinema tickets as well as goodies and freebies from shops like Costa &amp; Greggs.<br /><br />Outside of those two, Three schemes grant pre-sale festival tickets, 20% off Uber Eats orders, £3 Cineworld tickets and more. AirTime Rewards meanwhile grants you discounts at Boots, Greggs and many other shops.<br /><br />Health, Beauty &amp; Clothing Shops <br /><br />H&amp;M in particular offer a 10% off discount when you join them, with speciial prices and more with more points earned. Both Nike &amp; Adidas will also offer you free delivery and exclusive offers, discounts, and exclusive styles in member shops, ASICS offer a try-before-you-buy scheme and free race training plans. Uniqlo also offer £5 off of £40 Spend.<br /> <br />Urban Outfitters in particular offer 10% off and exclusive benefits, but also £5 off for doing basic tasks, meaning you can quickly make £15.<br /> <br />Monsoon UK, Matalan, House of Fraser, Accessorize, M&amp;Co, as well as TK Maxx, MAC and Boots and John Lewis in particular are also worth (really very) honorable mentions too as their reward schemes also offer big bucks in return for spend, more details in our video!<br /><br />Home &amp; DIY <br /><br />IKEA's Family Scheme gives free hot drinks Monday-Friday, as well as blue-labelled IKEA-Family own prices on items in store. They also give workshops, events and how-tos as well as damage cover. The B&amp;Q Club include £5 off £30 spend, key cutting and more. <br /><br />Which is your favourite one and which one have you managed to pick up some amazing discounts on? Let us know in the comments and don't forget to like and subscribe to our channel!<br /><br />#loyaltycards #hotukdeals #savemoney #loyaltyscheme #supermarket #moneyhacks{% endraw %}
