---
title: "#Actraiser Actraiser SNES - ULTIMATE GUIDE - ALL Items, ALL Bosses, MAX POPULATION, 100%!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/vTl_ljWXrUI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "vTl_ljWXrUI"
categories: "Gaming"
tags: ["#Actraiser","Actraiser","ULTIMATE"]
date: "2022-01-31T01:25:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-29T15:00:28Z"
duration: "PT2H36M49S"
viewcount: "30308"
likeCount: "1539"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "U Can Beat Video Games"
---
{% raw %}Check out our website, UCanBeatVideoGames.com for announcements, episode lists, and official merchandise!<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ucanbeatvideogames.com/">https://ucanbeatvideogames.com/</a><br /><br />ActRaiser is a very unique game for the Super Nintendo - It combines two extremely different gameplay styles into one impressive game.  At first you'll be fighting enemies with your sword in the side scrolling action levels, but then suddenly you'll be building a city in the simulation levels - and BOTH parts of the game are equally important!<br /><br />It seems obvious that the city building part of the game can make you stronger for the Actions scenes, but did you know your Score in the Action scenes is a key factor in maximizing the population of your cities?  The two game modes have a truly symbiotic relationship!<br /><br />So how did Enix end up publishing this game, an odd title from a brand new studio called Quintet?  Most people were expecting another Dragon Warrior game, so this one was a big surprise.  In this episode we'll look into the history of how this game was made and then we'll dive into the gameplay where we'll learn:<br /><br />* How to find all of the hidden items, and 1-UPs in the Action Mode<br /><br />* How to MAX your population in the Simulation Modes!<br /><br />* Where to find ALL of the hidden Magic, Source of Magic, and Source of Life!<br /><br />* Special graphics from Nintendo Power magazine!<br /><br />* How to defeat EVERY Boss, even Tanzra himself!<br /><br />Thanks for watching!<br /><br />TABLE OF CONTENTS:<br /><br />0:00:00  Intro <br /><br />0:07:59 The Beginning<br /><br />0:09:11 Fillmore: Act 1<br /><br />0:11:37 Fillmore: Simulation<br /><br />0:28:33 Fillmore: Act 2<br /><br />0:32:31 Fillmore: Finishing Up<br /><br />0:34:09 Bloodpool: Act 1<br /><br />0:36:55 Bloodpool: Simulation<br /><br />0:51:48 Bloodpool: Act 2<br /><br />0:56:29 Bloodpool: Finishing Up<br /><br />0:57:28 Kasandora: Act 1<br /><br />1:00:55 Kasandora: Simulation<br /><br />1:15:35 Kasandora: Act 2<br /><br />1:19:47 Kasandora: Finishing Up<br /><br />1:21:03 Maranha: Act 1<br /><br />1:24:28 Maranha: Simulation<br /><br />1:35:37 Maranha: Act 2<br /><br />1:38:24 Maranha: Finishing Up<br /><br />1:41:30 Aitos: Act 1<br /><br />1:44:58 Aitos: Simulation<br /><br />1:53:02 Aitos: Act 2<br /><br />1:55:30 Aitos: Finishing Up<br /><br />1:57:41 Northwall: Act 1<br /><br />2:02:38 Northwall: Simulation<br /><br />2:12:20 Northwall: Act 2<br /><br />2:17:05 Maximum Population<br /><br />2:19:47 Death Heim<br /><br />2:25:54 Ending<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;Copyright Disclaimer Under Section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.&quot;{% endraw %}
