---
title: "Why Does the West Hate Putin So Much? The TRUTH is Only In This Video!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/paJcvAu2AgU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "paJcvAu2AgU"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Putin","Much?","TRUTH"]
date: "2022-02-02T14:42:46+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-31T15:33:25Z"
duration: "PT6M51S"
viewcount: "18446"
likeCount: "1286"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "BORZZIKMAN"
---
{% raw %}Why Does the West Hate Putin So Much? The TRUTH is Only In This Video!<br />*******************************************************************************************<br /><br />Greetings my dear truth seekers. I am sure you've all asked yourself, Why does the West hate Putin and Russia so much. Why are the West and Russia constantly in confrontation? Well, in this video, I will explain to you in detail what is actually happening. A few days ago, there was a piece of interesting news that made us pay close attention to the actions of England. The United Kingdom Foreign Secretary Elizabeth Truss declared that Britain considers the establishment of a tripartite alliance with Poland and Ukraine. In parallel with this, the British ''Council on Geostrategy'' published a map of the formation of such an alliance, on which Russia and Belarus are listed as “hostile states”. It becomes obvious that England wants to use Poland and Ukraine as a kind of geopolitical barrier from Russia. In this regard, their mutual location is extremely successful - From sea to sea. Poland stretches from the Baltic Sea in the north to the border with Ukraine in the south. Ukraine, in turn, from the Black Sea in the south to Poland in the north. That is, it is possible, by influencing just two countries in the region, Poland and Ukraine who already do not have the best relations with Russia, to create significant obstacles for Moscow's interaction with the rest of Europe. .........<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Dear subscribers and guests of this channel. If you like my channel and if you really like what I've been doing on my youtube channel, then start supporting BORZZIKMAN on Patreon.<br />Your support will help me out to keep the production of my exclusive videos running smoothly. Moreover, you'll gain access to my other exclusive videos, also you will get the possibility to order the creation of an exclusive video that you want to see, suggest topics for future video analyses, and most important help this channel to survive. <br />Become a Patron - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167">https://www.patreon.com/user?u=22393167</a><br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Other platforms to support the BORZZIKMAN channel.<br /><br /><br />WebMoney: Z287850237751 (USD)<br />                      E356280180033 (EUR)<br />                      R031929326481 (RUB)<br /><br /><br />Bitcoin: 1Lv4nnM1ZJVW1GJMUeGMCZXPXz8xeKuGTf<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />WARNING: ANY other channel using my nickname, image or videos is unauthorized and fake. This is the ONLY channel run and operated by BORZZIKMAN! This is the official BORZZIKMAN YouTube channel!<br />*********************************************************************************************<br /><br />Subscribe: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...">https://www.youtube.com/c/BORZZIKMAN/...</a><br /><br />#BORZZIKMAN{% endraw %}
