---
title: "Discover FRANCISTOWN: One of the Most Beautiful Cities of BOTSWANA | 10 INTERESTING FACTS ABOUT IT"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/Y9SdcBvffWY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "Y9SdcBvffWY"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Africa Revealed","African Countries","African Capital Cities"]
date: "2022-05-01T19:13:18+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-28T14:34:21Z"
duration: "PT12M25S"
viewcount: "15843"
likeCount: "256"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Africa Revealed"
---
{% raw %}Francistown boasts a lot of names including ‘Capital of the North,’ ‘Ghetto,’ ‘Toropo’ (meaning town), or ‘Ftown.’ Everyone has their way of relating with the city and engaging with its rich diverse culture. What is evident is that a convergence of cultures exists with a general Kalanga overtone. It is dubbed the capital of the North as many Kalanga villagers visit it to conduct business. <br /><br />No one knows why Francistown is called “ghetto”. The Name seems to have come from the streets and caught on. Some note that it signifies a lack of development and informal settlements that rose in the city. Or maybe it signifies the presence of the old mines. What is evident though is most use it as a term of endearment. Ftown denotes Batswana’s love for nicknames. Long names just must be shortened, and formal names need a street twist. It’s how we show our affection.<br /><br />'Toropo' which is jokingly pronounced with the northern accent, comes from taking a jab at the Kalanga people. It notes how the villagers often travel to town for their business. So, the expression 'to town' and how they pronounce it caught on as a name.<br />Botswana’s second city is not one to miss when you are in the country. As a gateway between the north and south, it is always welcoming a visitor or two. And who knows, you might fall in love and forget the rest of your journey. <br /><br />Francistown is a gateway for Botswana to connect to Zimbabwe, Zambia, and DRC. In the past, it acted as a recruitment centre for miners who wanted to work the South African mines. A company called Witwatersrand Native Labour Association was formed for that purpose. Miners were recruited from many African countries like Tanzania, Malawi, and Zambia. They were then transported to South Africa via air or rail.  The company’s Barracks housed these miners on their way to or from South Africa. This trade sustained the town after the mines ceased operations. A lot of the miners spent most of their money in the pubs of Francistown.<br /><br />Traces of this history can be seen in the diversity of people living in Francistown. Some came to Francistown en route to South Africa and never left. Today, many tourists pass through Francistown on their way to explore the Okavango in the north of Botswana. Francistown’s economy still thrives from business brought by passing travellers. Around holidays, Batswana form part of this group as they make their way from the south to the north of the country. Both the main surface route and air route pass through Francistown. <br /><br />Francistown only got its city status in 1997 when the government of Botswana decided to upgrade it from a town. This classification paved way for more developments. Francistown now boasts an international airport, High court, and sports stadium. As the government began to do more developments in the area, private developments also came along. Two private colleges now run campuses in Francistown. <br /><br />With the revival of the mines, the economy of the town is bustling again with developments. The city’s road network was uplifted recently with a big interchange right in the heart of the city. A new mall is in the works and businesses are booming again. You can’t miss the growing street market selling anything from grilled fish to wire sculptures. <br /><br />With the rising unemployment, young Batswana are becoming innovative at taking opportunities for themselves. At the heart of Francistown is the CBD which is always bustling with people and all types of trade. Francistown was built from one street adjacent to the railway line. As you navigate the city, this model is very apparent as every street in the CBD seems to take you to the main street. The city is also one of the few places in Botswana in which you will find one-way streets. <br /><br />1. 10 THINGS YOU SHOULD KNOW ABOUT BOTSWANA: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/xYFh2AbX2WE">https://youtu.be/xYFh2AbX2WE</a><br />2. Discover GABORONE, the Capital of BOTSWANA: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/4KV1rF9rmzQ">https://youtu.be/4KV1rF9rmzQ</a><br />3. ECONOMY OF BOTSWANA EXPLAINED: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/XnFRrF1QMeA">https://youtu.be/XnFRrF1QMeA</a><br />4. BOTSWANA vs LESOTHO: A Deep Look and Comparison of the Two Peoples: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/qNxUVCl4K2A">https://youtu.be/qNxUVCl4K2A</a><br /><br />SUBSCRIBE and TURN ON the NOTIFICATION BELL to be notified everytime we upload a new video! <br /><br />Contact email: africarevea@gmail.com<br />Instagram: @africarevealed.tv<br />Tiktok: @africarevealed<br /><br />2022 Africa Revealed{% endraw %}
