---
title: "The four Quls are known to provide #powerful_protection Hence Al-Kafiroun Al-Ikhlas Al-Falaq An-Nas"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/JUiKzj-LGJo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "JUiKzj-LGJo"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["known","provide","#powerful_protection"]
date: "2022-05-10T04:05:03+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-09T18:18:55Z"
duration: "PT4M6S"
viewcount: "4"
likeCount: "0"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Aarifmuhammadgroup"
---
{% raw %}The 4 Quls<br />Surah Al-Kafiroun (The Unbeliever)<br /><br />4qul<br />Loading Audio Player<br />” Bismillahir-Rahmanir-Raheem<br />Qul ya ayyuhal-Kafiroun<br />La ‘a-budu ma ta’-bu-doun<br />Wa la antum ‘abidouna ma ‘a-bud<br />Wa la ana ‘abidum-ma ‘abadttum<br />Wa la antum ‘abiduna ma ‘a-bud<br />Lakum deenukum wa li-ya deen “<br /><br />“ Say : O Al-Kafiroun ( disbelievers in Allah , in His Oneness , in His Angels , in His Books , in His Messengers , in the Day of Resurrection , and in Al-Qadar , etc )! I worship not that whch you worship, Nor will you worship that which I worship. And I shall not worship that which you are worshipping. Nor will you worship that which I worship. To you be your religion, and to me my religion (Islamic Monotheism). “<br /><br />Surah Al-Ikhlas (The Purity)<br /><br />4qul<br />Loading Audio Player<br />” Bismillahir-Rahmanir-Raheem<br />Qul Huwa-llahu ‘Ahad<br />Allahus-Samad<br />Lam Yalid Wa Lam Yulad<br />Walam Yakul-La-Hu-Kufuwan ‘Ahad “<br /><br />“ Say : He is Allah,(the) One, Allahus-Samad ( The Self-Sufficient Master, Whom all creatures need, He neither eats nor drinks ). He begots not , nor was He begotten; And there is none co-equal or comparable unto Him.”<br /><br />Surah Al-Falaq (Dawn)<br /><br />4qul<br />Loading Audio Player<br />” Bismillahir-Rahmanir-Raheem<br />Qul ‘A’udhu Bi-Rabbil-Falaq<br />Min Sharri Ma Khalaq<br />Wa Min Sharri Ghasiqin ‘Idha Waqab<br />Wa Min Sharri-Naffathati Fil-‘Uqadi<br />Wa Min Sharri Hasidin ‘Idha Hasad “<br /><br />” Say : I seek refuge with ( Allah ) the Lord of the daybreak, From the evil of what He has created; And from the evil of the darkening ( night ) as it comes with its darkness; ( or the moon as it sets or goes away ). And from the evil of the witchcrafts when they blow in the knots, And from the evil of the envier when he envies. “<br /><br />Surah An-Nas (Mankind)<br /><br />4qul<br />Loading Audio Player<br />” Bismillahir-Rahmanir-Raheem<br />Qul ‘A’udhu Bi-Rabbin-Nas<br />Malikin-Nas<br />Ilahin-Nas<br />Min-Sharril-Waswasil-Khan-Nas<br />Al-Ladhi Yuwas-wisu Fee Sudurin-Nas<br />Mina Al-Jinnati Wan-Nas “<br /><br />“ Say : I seek refuge with (Allah ) the lord of mankind, The king of mankind, The Ilah ( God ) of mankind, From the evil of the whisperer ( devi l who whispers evil in the hearts of men) , who withdraws ( from his whispering in one’s heart after one remembers Allah ), Who whispers in the breasts of mankind , Of jinns and men.”<br /><br />The 4 Quls are known as protecting Surahs. Surah Al-Kafiroun and Al-Ikhlas protect from shirk. Surahs Al-Falaq and An-Naas protect from mischief of created things, envy, magic and the whisperings of the shaitaan.<br /><br />According to the Hadith, Surah Al-Ikhlas reward is equivalent to one third of the Quran while Surah Al-Kafiroun is one quarter.<br /><br />All the Surahs start with the word 'Qul' which in Arabic means 'say'. Hence the four Surahs are collectively called as 'the four quls'. Prophet Muhammad(S.A.W) would get revelations from Allah(S.W.T) which would start with the word 'say' and he would repeat exactly, the revelations to people.<br /><br />The 4 Quls start as:<br />Al-Kafiroun:<br />[109.1] Say: O unbelievers<br />Al-Ikhlas:<br />[112.1] Say: He is Allah, the One<br />Al-Falaq:<br />[113.1] Say: I seek refuge with (Allah) the Lord of Daybreak<br />An-Naas:<br />[114.1] Say: I seek refuge with (Allah){% endraw %}
