---
title: "Discover LUANDA: The Beautiful Capital City of ANGOLA | 10 INTERESTING FACTS ABOUT IT"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/g8_3wv8pNHQ\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "g8_3wv8pNHQ"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["Africa Revealed","African Countries","African Capital Cities"]
date: "2022-05-31T03:00:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-25T16:02:59Z"
duration: "PT13M13S"
viewcount: "24781"
likeCount: "358"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Africa Revealed"
---
{% raw %}Luanda, also spelt as Loanda is the capital of Angola, a South-west African country. It was formerly known as São Paulo de Luanda. Nicknames for the city include the ‘New El Dorado’ and ‘Paris of Africa’. Located on the Atlantic coast of northern Angola, it is the country’s largest city and one of its busiest seaports. The city is regarded as the capital of the Mbundu people, who have their roots in the surrounding area.<br /><br />In 2016, Luanda was named the world's most expensive city for expats with Hong Kong being in second place. This claim was made in the 23rd annual cost-of-living survey carried out by the advisory firm Mercer. Tokyo, Zurich and Singapore comprise the rest of the top five. Mercer measures currency movements against the US dollar and uses New York as its benchmark for comparing the costs of living in other cities.<br /> <br />The annual survey usually looks at some of the following aspects; The cost to expatriates of renting an apartment or house. The cost of 200 items in each place, including housing, transport, clothes, food and entertainment. Therefore it compares the cost of buying a liter of petrol, cinema ticket, a pair of jeans, a cup of coffee, a liter of water, bread, beer and a liter of milk.<br /> <br />The position of Luanda, which topped these rankings frequently in the past, was influenced by the cost of secure accommodation for expat staff as well as for everyday goods.<br /><br />A seafront promenade known as the Marginal runs alongside Luanda Bay. Nearby is the well-preserved 16th-century Fortress of São Miguel. The fort has views of the harbor and the Ilha. It is located at Calçada de São Miguel, Luanda.<br /> <br />The tourist link writes, ‘São Miguel Fortress was built in 1576 by Paulo Dias de Novais. It became the administrative center of the colony in 1627 and was a major outlet for slave traffic to Brazil. The fort was for many years a self-contained town protected by thick walls encrusted with cannons. Inside the fort, elaborate ceramic tiles tell the story of Angola from early years, and in the courtyard are large, imposing statues of; Portugal's first king, the first European to reach Angola - Diogo Cao, renowned explorer Vasco da Gama and other notables. Until 1975, the fortress served as the headquarters of the Commander-in-Chief of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola’.<br /><br />Between 1938 and 1958 it held the Museu de Angola, until it was moved and renamed Museu Nacional de Historia Natural de Angola.This Historical Monument is actually the Central Museum of the Army. It belongs to the Government and it is in good condition. The responsibility for its maintenance and preservation lies upon the Ministries of Defense and Culture.<br /><br />A seafront promenade known as the Marginal runs alongside Luanda Bay. Nearby is the well-preserved 16th-century Fortress of São Miguel. The fort has views of the harbor and the Ilha. It is located at Calçada de São Miguel, Luanda.<br /> <br />The tourist link writes, ‘São Miguel Fortress was built in 1576 by Paulo Dias de Novais. It became the administrative center of the colony in 1627 and was a major outlet for slave traffic to Brazil. The fort was for many years a self-contained town protected by thick walls encrusted with cannons. Inside the fort, elaborate ceramic tiles tell the story of Angola from early years, and in the courtyard are large, imposing statues of; Portugal's first king, the first European to reach Angola - Diogo Cao, renowned explorer Vasco da Gama and other notables. Until 1975, the fortress served as the headquarters of the Commander-in-Chief of the Portuguese Armed Forces in Angola’.<br /><br />Between 1938 and 1958 it held the Museu de Angola, until it was moved and renamed Museu Nacional de Historia Natural de Angola.This Historical Monument is actually the Central Museum of the Army. It belongs to the Government and it is in good condition. The responsibility for its maintenance and preservation lies upon the Ministries of Defense and Culture.<br /><br />SUBSCRIBE and TURN ON the NOTIFICATION BELL to be notified everytime we upload a new video! <br /><br />Contact email: africarevea@gmail.com<br />Instagram: @africarevealed.tv<br />Tiktok: @africarevealed<br /><br />2022 Africa Revealed{% endraw %}
