---
title: "I CANNOT EXPLAIN THIS TEMPLE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/QiViuJW0Wvo\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "QiViuJW0Wvo"
categories: "Travel-Events"
tags: ["phenomenalplace.com","Praveen Mohan","Ancient Aliens"]
date: "2022-01-26T23:47:42+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-21T17:58:00Z"
duration: "PT9M31S"
viewcount: "292938"
likeCount: "19563"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "PraveenMohan"
---
{% raw %}It is nearly impossible to understand or explain the carvings of ancient Chennakeshava Temple in Belur, Karnataka. Here are the top 10 Unexplained Facts<br /><br />Facebook.............. <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/praveenmohanfans">https://www.facebook.com/praveenmohanfans</a><br />Instagram................ <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://instagram.com/praveenET">https://instagram.com/praveenET</a><br />Twitter...................... <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://twitter.com/IamPraveenMohan">https://twitter.com/IamPraveenMohan</a><br />Email id - phenomenaltravelvideos@gmail.com<br /><br />This is my Patreon account if you like to support me - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/PraveenMohan">https://www.patreon.com/PraveenMohan</a><br /><br />00:00 - Majestic Tower<br />00:35 - Peculiar Design<br />01:35 - Miniature of the Main Structure<br />02:45 - Buddha = Vishnu?<br />03:35 - Ancient Balcony <br />04:07 - Musical Archer? <br />05:42 - American Macaw? <br />06:21 - Ancient Gold Mining <br />07:19 - Weird Carvings<br />08:29 - Stone Chain?<br />08:52 - Conclusion<br /><br /><br />Hey guys, today I am going to show you a special temple called Chennakesava temple in Belur. This temple is known for many strange carvings and engineering feats and the first thing that strikes you is this beautiful giant tower. Now if you zoom in at the top, the 2 ends are actually designed to look like the horns of a cow, and they say this is why they call this tower Gopuram. The word Go means Cow in Sanskrit language. <br />Now, if you climb this tower and stand on this tower and you look at the temple, you can see that it is designed in a very peculiar way. I don’t think there is a word to explain the shape of this main structure, it is very odd, and it is also not evenly shaped, because the back has another unique flower shaped design. There are 32 corners in this temple and you can see that the entire temple is built on a raised platform that has 3 different entrances. There is a very strange pattern on the top, like an insect with 6 legs. That marks the position of the main statue, in other words, exactly underneath that marking, you will find the 9 foot tall statue of Chennakesava, inside the main chamber. <br />Right next to it, you can see another smaller structure designed with the same shape as the main structure. From the top view, they look identical in shape. What is it? When you look at it from the ground, you realize that it was first built as a smaller, primitive model before the main structure was built. Archaeologists confirm that yes, it was built as a model and this is why this structure does not have much carvings on its walls. <br />And the main structure is completely adorned with carvings. There are more than 10,000 carvings found on this structure. Mainstream archaeologists claim that it took more than a hundred years to complete this temple, and more than a thousand people worked on it at any given time. And even though this temple is 900 years old, it is still a fully functional and active temple, meaning that Hindu rituals are performed here every day. <br />But even though this is a Hindu temple, there is a very strange secret hiding in the very entrance. Just above the entrance is a brilliant carving with plenty of Hindu Gods. There are 10 small carvings showing 10 avatars of Lord Vishnu, however, if you look at the 9th avatar, this is Lord Buddha. And this is very surprising because today, we think Buddhism is a completely separate religion from Hinduism. However, we can see that 900 years ago, Buddha was incorporated into this Hindu Temple, and Buddha was considered as one of the avatars of Lord Vishnu. <br />The temple not only shows Gods, but also shows how ancient human beings lived. Here we can see that ancient people must have had balconies or decks in their houses. The carvings clearly show multistoried buildings with every floor having a balcony where you can sit out and relax, just like what we do today. <br />There are some carvings which have been deliberately destroyed for unknown reasons. You can see this figure has gone through some considerable destruction, as though someone took a hammer and kept pounding on the carving, we can see huge dents all over the carving. Who is he? And why was he destroyed? He is Arjuna, a master archer and he is shooting on a revolving target that is shaped like a fish, while looking at its reflection on a bowl of oil on the ground. You can see a similar statue in other temples, so there is no doubt that this is Arjuna. Locals say that originally, the string on his bow, produced 7 musical notes when tapped on. It sounds fascinating to imagine a stone string, that can produce various notes. We cannot confirm this, but locals say that it was destroyed because people kept hitting on this carving with smaller stones, which is why everything got destroyed and it has severe dents. <br />#Hinduism #AncientIndia #PraveenMohan{% endraw %}
