---
title: "Psychodynamic, Humanistic, Cognitive and Behavioral Therapy (Approaches to Therapy)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/J4yPz1q6F_o\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "J4yPz1q6F_o"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Daniel Storage","University of Denver","Therapy"]
date: "2022-05-19T21:01:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-21T17:17:17Z"
duration: "PT9M53S"
viewcount: "16252"
likeCount: "373"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Daniel Storage"
---
{% raw %}In this video, we’ll discuss several different forms of psychotherapy, including what makes each approach unique as well as a few of the techniques that each approach uses. We’ll end with a brief discussion on the relative effectiveness of these approaches as well as the three factors that determine whether therapy will be successful for a given client. <br /><br />Psychodynamic Therapy: A Freudian approach to therapy that can last several years and emphasizes the importance of brining unconscious, repressed impulses and childhood trauma to the conscious so they can be dealt with. <br /><br />Free Association: A technique in which the client expresses themselves without censorship.<br /><br />Resistance: Analysis of the client’s attempts to avoid confrontation and anxiety associated with therapy.<br /><br />Dream Analysis: Analysis of the content of the client’s dreams.<br /><br />Transference: Analysis of the client’s projection of their own intense, unrealistic feelings onto therapist.<br /><br />Humanistic Therapy: A form of therapy that focuses on helping people achieve their full potential by becoming more self-aware and self-accepting.<br /><br />Person-centered (Rogerian) Therapy: A form of humanistic therapy developed by Carl Rogers that is nondirective in that the therapist doesn’t give advice but instead simply listens and helps the client understand and process their thoughts and feelings.<br /><br />Nondirective Therapy: An approach to therapy in which the therapist avoids giving direct advice or interpretation and instead simply listens and helps the client identify conflicts and understand feelings. <br /><br />Unconditional Positive Regard: Creating a safe space by avoiding judgment; a person-centered, Rogerian principle. <br /><br />Empathy: Understanding and sharing the client’s expressed feelings; a person-centered, Rogerian principle. <br /><br />Reflection: Restating the client’s thoughts; a person-centered, Rogerian principle. <br /><br />Congruence: The therapist’s positive comments should match his or her actual actions and thoughts; a person-centered, Rogerian principle. <br /><br />Gestalt Therapy: A humanistic form of therapy developed by Fritz Perls in which the therapist seeks to help the client become a “whole person” by challenging inconsistencies in thoughts and behavior, analyzing body language, and practicing role-playing conversations. <br /><br />Cognitive-Behavioral Therapy (CBT): An approach to therapy which assumes that our beliefs about a situation play a crucial role in determining our feelings about it, which in turn determine how we respond to that situation; CBT involves assigning homework (e.g., thought exercises, keeping a journal) that aims to break this cycle. <br /><br />Rational Emotive Therapy (RET): One of the first forms of therapy, developed by Albert Ellis as a reaction to Freudian psychoanalysis, which assumed that behavior is caused by how a person thinks about an event, not by the event itself. <br /><br />Cognitive Therapy: A form of psychotherapy that focuses on how a person’s thoughts lead to feelings of distress.<br /><br />Behavior Therapy: An approach to psychotherapy that employs learning principles and techniques (e.g., classical conditioning and exposure therapy) to help clients change undesirable behaviors. <br /><br />Exposure Therapy: A technique in which the therapist presents the client with the object or situation they’re afraid of, with the idea being that they will eventually get used to it or, if paired with classical conditioning, develop more positive associations with it. <br /><br />Systematic Desensitization: A form of exposure therapy in which the client is taught to relax as they are gradually exposed to what they fear. <br /><br />Flooding: A form of exposure therapy in which the client is exposed to what they fear most right away and for an extended period of time. <br /><br />Response Prevention: The therapist prevents clients from engaging in their typical avoidance behaviors (which could be negatively reinforcing).{% endraw %}
