---
title: "\"A Man Provides For His Family\"| Más | Breaking Bad"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/9-eQU4kw4Q4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "9-eQU4kw4Q4"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["Breaking Bad","Walter White","Bryan Cranston"]
date: "2022-01-27T21:40:44+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-09-05T22:18:00Z"
duration: "PT3M2S"
viewcount: "1668176"
likeCount: "22390"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Breaking Bad & Better Call Saul"
---
{% raw %}As Skyler reconsiders her objections to him living back at home, Walt mulls over an offer to return to the drug trade; Hank’s obsession with nailing “Heisenberg” promises trouble for Jesse.<br /><br />Subscribe for exclusive content:  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/BreakingBadSubscribe">http://bit.ly/BreakingBadSubscribe</a><br /><br />Season Three - Episode Five: &quot;Más&quot;<br /><br />Episode Description:<br />Gus increases his efforts to lure Walt back into business, forcing a rift between Walt and Jesse.  Skyler doubts her new relationship.  Marie confides in Skyler about her concerns over Hank's well-being after Hank's actions tangibly affect his career prospects.<br /><br />Episode Overview:<br />As Skyler struggles with her conflicted feelings over her affair with Ted and having her husband living back at home against her will, Walt calls Saul Goodman for an answer as to why he was paid half of the cash from Jesse’s recent drug deal with Gus. Despite the lawyer’s efforts to remain businesslike, civility breaks down as Jesse angrily insists that, regardless of what Walt says, he will continue making as much meth as he wants. But after going to see Gus about the apparent mix-up, Walt finds that his former buyer has created a sophisticated underground drug lab to lure him back into the business. And though Walt insists he has quit for good, he’s left wondering about his decision after Gus reminds him of his responsibility to provide for his family.<br /><br />While continuing his frustrating search for the motor home he’s sure is being used as a mobile drug lab, Hank learns that his partner, Gomez, is taking the job in the DEA’s El Paso office – a job that was supposed to be his. Though Marie can see that he is deeply troubled by the news, Hank refuses to talk about it. And even as all the leads fail to pan out, Hank won’t give up and, pressing his secretary to make one more search of the DMV records, learns of an RV that has thus far escaped his attention. Meanwhile, as divorce lawyer Pamela Orbic warns that staying in the house could make her an accessory to her husband’s crimes, Skyler is surprised to discover that Walt has signed the divorce papers like she asked. <br /><br />In an effort to mediate their dispute – and make sure he gets a cut of any deal they make – Saul summons Jesse and Walt to his office. Yet, when the lawyer proposes that Jesse resume cooking meth while paying Walt a fee for using his old formula, neither man is satisfied. And after returning the money he was paid for Jesse’s work, Walt makes it clear that he intends to go back into business with Gus. Finally, following up on the last RV on his list, Hank discovers it was stolen from the parents of Jesse’s pal and former drug partner, Combo.{% endraw %}
