---
title: "Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics That Will Be Able to Present Itself as a Science | Wikiped ..."
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/h5fXdJKc9g4\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "h5fXdJKc9g4"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["1783 books","books by immanuel kant","philosophy books"]
date: "2022-02-17T09:36:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-12-29T03:10:49Z"
duration: "PT55M44S"
viewcount: "114"
likeCount: "1"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "wikipedia tts"
---
{% raw %}This is an audio version of the Wikipedia Article:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolegomena_to_Any_Future_Metaphysics">https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Prolegomena_to_Any_Future_Metaphysics</a><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />00:01:18 1 Contents<br />00:01:27 1.1 Introduction<br />00:03:25 1.2 Preamble on the peculiarities of all metaphysical knowledge<br />00:07:35 1.3 Part one of the main transcendental problem. How is pure mathematics possible?<br />00:13:54 1.4 Part two of the main transcendental problem. How is pure natural science possible?<br />00:30:50 1.5 Part three of the main transcendental problem. How is metaphysics in general possible?<br />00:45:18 1.6 Conclusion. On the determination of the bounds of pure reason<br />00:48:34 1.7 Solution of the general question of the Prolegomena. How is metaphysics possible as a science?<br />00:49:54 1.8 Appendix<br />00:50:03 1.8.1 How to make metaphysics as a science actual<br />00:51:09 1.8.2 Pre-judging the Critique of Pure Reason<br />00:52:39 1.8.3 Proposals as to an investigation of the Critique of Pure Reason upon which a judgment may follow<br />00:53:46 2 Appraisal<br />00:55:00 3 Notes<br />00:55:09 4 External links<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Listening is a more natural way of learning, when compared to reading. Written language only began at around 3200 BC, but spoken language has existed long ago.<br /><br /><br /><br />Learning by listening is a great way to:<br /><br />- increases imagination and understanding<br /><br />- improves your listening skills<br /><br />- improves your own spoken accent<br /><br />- learn while on the move<br /><br />- reduce eye strain<br /><br /><br /><br />Now learn the vast amount of general knowledge available on Wikipedia through audio (audio article). You could even learn subconsciously by playing the audio while you are sleeping! If you are planning to listen a lot, you could try using a bone conduction headphone, or a standard speaker instead of an earphone.<br /><br /><br /><br />Listen on Google Assistant through Extra Audio:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://assistant.google.com/services/invoke/uid/0000001a130b3f91">https://assistant.google.com/services/invoke/uid/0000001a130b3f91</a><br /><br />Other Wikipedia audio articles at:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wikipedia+tts">https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=wikipedia+tts</a><br /><br />Upload your own Wikipedia articles through:<br /><br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://github.com/nodef/wikipedia-tts">https://github.com/nodef/wikipedia-tts</a><br /><br />Speaking Rate: 0.7972682683252287<br /><br />Voice name: en-GB-Wavenet-B<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />&quot;I cannot teach anybody anything, I can only make them think.&quot;<br /><br />- Socrates<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />SUMMARY<br /><br />=======<br /><br />Prolegomena to Any Future Metaphysics That Will Be Able to Present Itself as a Science (German: Prolegomena zu einer jeden künftigen Metaphysik, die als Wissenschaft wird auftreten können) is a book by the German philosopher Immanuel Kant, published in 1783, two years after the first edition of his Critique of Pure Reason. One of Kant's shorter works, it contains a summary of the Critique‘s main conclusions, sometimes by arguments Kant had not used in the Critique.  Kant characterizes his more accessible approach here as an &quot;analytic&quot; one, as opposed to the Critique‘s &quot;synthetic&quot; examination of successive faculties of the mind and their principles.The book is also intended as a polemic.  Kant was disappointed by the poor reception of the Critique of Pure Reason, and here he repeatedly emphasizes the importance of its critical project for the very existence of metaphysics as a science.  The final appendix contains a detailed rebuttal to an unfavorable review of the Critique.<br />In the standard Akademie edition of Kant's works, the Prolegomena takes up part of Volume IV.{% endraw %}
