---
title: "Should New Ducati Ride-Height Device Be Banned?"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/D_cGAzrTA6s\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "D_cGAzrTA6s"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["Should","Ducati","Ride-Height"]
date: "2022-02-19T05:42:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-18T13:54:47Z"
duration: "PT3M51S"
viewcount: "5436"
likeCount: "257"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Moto World"
---
{% raw %}Ducati have created a reputation for being the innovators in MotoGP. They were the first to use aerodynamics in a major way. They also introduced ride-height devices first in the rear and then in the front. However, all these innovations have also brought its fair share of questions and doubts regarding their legality. The pre-season tests revealed a more advanced front-ride height device that has once again led to some debate<br /><br />Link to poll: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxXAc6Xp2SmHImvW4CqZMWoBKlrUh8iziE">https://www.youtube.com/post/UgkxXAc6Xp2SmHImvW4CqZMWoBKlrUh8iziE</a><br />0:00 - Is Ducati’s New Ride Height Device Illegal?<br />1:47 - Fast Feed<br /><br />I'm your host Dillon Shelley and first up on Moto World:<br /><br />Is Ducati’s New Ride Height Device Illegal?<br /><br />Dorna CEO Carmelo Ezpeleta revealed to Speedweek that the device while legal was not something he was in favor of<br /><br />“It’s true that the devices for the back and front are legal according to today’s regulations. But we don’t want to increase the speed or the costs”<br /><br />The manufacturer’s association in MotoGP known as the MSMA consists of all six manufacturers and Red Bull KTM Team Manager Francesco Guidotti revealed, to Speedweek, that five of them were against this new device and he explained why<br /><br />“Yes, that's how it is at the moment. But it's not about the position of KTM, it's about the position of the manufacturer alliance MSMA. In the MSMA, five out of six manufacturers are in favor of banning this type of device”<br /><br />“We're trying to enforce that. Because it's a waste of time and a waste of money”<br /><br />Sebastian Risse, the Technical Manager at KTM was particularly critical<br /><br />“Nobody is enthusiastic about investing in such a Stone Age technology”<br /><br />Ducati sporting director Paolo Ciabatti gave his reaction to all of this on Sky Italia<br /><br />“The lowering device? The story of the wings and the spoon [swingarm tyre 'cooler'] is being repeated. Ducati innovates while remaining within the regulations, we are sorry to hear that it is being questioned”<br /><br /><br />Fast Feed<br /><br />For Aprilia’s Maverick Vinales “it would be a dream to win with three manufacturers”<br /><br />“I think I’d be the only one to do it [in the 'MotoGP' era]. To bring Aprilia on top is one of my objectives”<br /><br />“But we have to be realistic. Still we need a few tenths to be able to fight for victory”<br /><br />If Repsol Honda’s Pol Espargaro “was asked to choose, [he] would choose not to use any [rider-aid] devices”<br /><br />“All the devices make us faster on the straights, make us faster under braking, make this bike faster than it is”<br /><br />“So, it makes the category even more competitive and sometimes even more dangerous”<br /><br />RNF Yamaha’s Andrea Dovizioso has explained that “regarding [his] pace for the race [he’s] not very satisfied” <br /><br />“It was really nice to compare my long run with Fabio on the same tyres. At the beginning, he was very fast, so it will be incredibly important for me for Qatar to continue to adapt to the bike”<br /><br />“To ride the bike is one story, to be fast is a different story. Some years ago the situation was different and everyone with the Yamaha was quite competitive”<br /><br />Ducati’s Jack Miller stated that “to summarise the test, it's been a lot of work, a lot of fun, I've enjoyed the workload, but now it's time to go racing, which is the real fun part”<br /><br />“The field is so full this last couple of years that anyone can win come Qatar. For sure the Ducatis will be strong, but like I said Qatar is a whole different kettle of fish”<br /><br />“The season is super long, with a lot more races [21]. We can't take our eye off the ball, I think that's going to be the most important thing”<br /><br />Gresini Racing’s Enea Bastianini feels that he “can do everything with this bike”<br /><br />“I can be fast, also I can work better with the team because when you are a rookie it’s difficult to work with the electronics, the power and now I’m more competitive”<br /><br />“We will see what happens during the first race”<br /><br />[All quotes taken from media debriefs unless otherwise mentioned]<br /><br /><br />Should Ducati’s front ride-height device be banned?{% endraw %}
