---
title: "Andrew Garfield - Therapy (with Vanessa Hudgens) (Official Audio)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/M0hhSF0QrDs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "M0hhSF0QrDs"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Andrew","Garfield","Therapy"]
date: "2022-06-05T03:22:36+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-11-12T11:00:10Z"
duration: "PT2M45S"
viewcount: "495016"
likeCount: "8219"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Andrew Garfield ♪"
---
{% raw %}Official Soundtrack for the Netflix Film Tick, Tick... Boom! Featuring Music Written by Jonathan Larson. Listen to the Soundtrack here <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ticktickboom.lnk.to/albumAY">https://ticktickboom.lnk.to/albumAY</a><br /><br />In Selected Theatres (Nov 12)  and Wide release in Netflix (Nov. 19)<br /><br />ABOUT JONATHAN LARSON:<br />Jonathan Larson was an American composer and playwright noted for exploring the social issues of multiculturalism, addiction, and homophobia in his work. Typical examples of his use of these themes are found in his musicals Rent and Tick, Tick... Boom! He received three posthumous Tony Awards and a posthumous Pulitzer Prize for Drama for the rock musical Rent. Completed in 1991, was an autobiographical &quot;rock monologue&quot; entitled 30/90, which was later renamed Boho Days and finally titled tick, tick... BOOM! This piece, written for only Larson with a piano and rock band, was intended to be a response to his feelings of rejection caused by the disappointment of Superbia. For his work on Rent, Larson was posthumously awarded the Pulitzer Prize for Drama, the Tony Awards for Best Musical, Best Book of a Musical, and Best Original Score; the Drama Desk Awards for Outstanding Book of a Musical, Outstanding Music, and Outstanding Lyrics; the New York Drama Critics Circle Award for Best Musical; the Outer Critics Circle Award for Best Musical in the Off-Broadway category; and Obie Awards for Outstanding Book, Outstanding Lyrics, and Outstanding Music.<br /><br />ABOUT tick, tick… BOOM!:<br />Pulitzer Prize and Tony Award winner Lin-Manuel Miranda makes his feature directorial debut with tick, tick…BOOM!, an adaptation of the autobiographical musical by Jonathan Larson, who revolutionized theater as the creator of Rent.  The film follows Jon (Academy Award nominee and Tony Award winner  Andrew Garfield), a young theater composer who’s waiting tables at a New York City diner in 1990 while writing what he hopes will be the next great American musical.  Days before he’s due to showcase his work in a make-or-break performance, Jon is feeling the pressure from everywhere: from his girlfriend Susan, who dreams of an artistic life beyond New York City; from his friend Michael, who has moved on from his dream to a life of financial security; amidst an artistic community being ravaged by the AIDS epidemic.  With the clock ticking, Jon is at a crossroads and faces the question everyone must reckon with: What are we meant to do with the time we have?<br /><br />Lyrics<br /><br />I feel bad, that you feel bad<br />About me feeling bad, about you feeling bad<br />About what I said, about what you said<br />About me not being able to share a feeling<br /><br />If I thought that what you thought<br />Was that I hadn't thought about sharing my thoughts<br />Then my reaction to your reaction, to my reaction<br />Would have been more revealing<br /><br />I was afraid that you'd be afraid<br />If I told you that I was afraid of intimacy<br />If you don't have a problem with my problem<br />Maybe the problem's simply co-dependency<br /><br />Yes, I know, that now you know<br />That I didn't know, that you didn't know<br />That when I said, &quot;No,&quot; I meant, &quot;Yes, I know&quot;<br />And that now I know that you knew, that I knew you adored me<br /><br />I was wrong to—<br />Say you were wrong to—<br />Say I was wrong about—<br />You being wrong<br /><br />When you rang to say that—<br />The ring was the wrong thing to bring—<br />If I meant what I said<br />When I said, &quot;Rings bored me&quot;<br /><br />I'm not mad that you got mad when I got mad<br />When you said I should go drop dead<br /><br />If I were you and I'd done what I'd done<br />I'd do what you did<br />When I gave you the ring<br />Having said what I said<br /><br />I feel bad, that you feel bad (I feel badly)<br />About me feeling bad, about you feeling bad (About you)<br />About what I said, about what you said (Feeling badly about me)<br />About me not being able to share a feeling (Feeling badly about you)<br /><br />I thought (If I thought that what you thought)<br />You thought (Was that I hadn't thought about sharing my thoughts)<br />I reacted shallowly (Then my reaction to your reaction, to my reaction)<br />When I reacted to you (Would have been more revealing)<br /><br />I'm not mad, you got mad (I'm not mad that you got mad that I got mad)<br />Go drop dead (When you said I should go drop dead)<br /><br />If I were you and I'd done what I'd done (If I were you)<br />I'd do what you did when I gave you the ring (But I'm not you)<br />Having said what I said (Said what I said)<br /><br />But now it's out in the open<br />Now it's off our chest<br />Now it's 4AM<br />And we have therapy tomorrow<br />It's too late to screw<br />So let's just get some rest{% endraw %}
