---
title: "United Kingdom in Eurovision Song Contest (1957-2021)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/XbndGzut0V8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "XbndGzut0V8"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["United Kingdom in Eurovision Song Contest","United Kingdom in Eurovision","Eurovision United Kingdom"]
date: "2022-03-22T02:53:01+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-06-27T14:10:06Z"
duration: "PT23M15S"
viewcount: "76542"
likeCount: "933"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Schlager Lucas"
---
{% raw %}Here's a recap of all the songs that competed for United Kingdom in Eurovision Song Contest from 1957 to 2021. Please, enjoy!<br /><br />The United Kingdom has participated in the Eurovision Song Contest 63 times. It first took part in the second contest in 1957 and has entered every year since 1959. Along with Sweden and the Netherlands, the UK is one of only three countries with Eurovision victories in four different decades. It is one of the &quot;Big 5&quot; countries, along with France, Germany, Italy and Spain, who are automatically prequalified for the final each year as they are the biggest financial contributors to the European Broadcasting Union (EBU). The British public broadcaster, the BBC, broadcasts the event and organises the national selection to choose the entry. The United Kingdom has won the Eurovision Song Contest five times, and has finished as runner-up on a record fifteen occasions. The UK has hosted the contest a record eight times, four times in London (1960, 1963, 1968 and 1977) and once each in Edinburgh (1972), Brighton (1974), Harrogate (1982) and Birmingham (1998).<br /><br />The United Kingdom's five winners are Sandie Shaw with the song &quot;Puppet on a String&quot; (1967), Lulu with &quot;Boom Bang-a-Bang&quot; (1969 in a four-way tie), Brotherhood of Man with &quot;Save Your Kisses for Me&quot; (1976), Bucks Fizz with &quot;Making Your Mind Up&quot; (1981) and Katrina and the Waves with &quot;Love Shine a Light&quot; (1997). The UK's fifteen second-place finishes were achieved by Pearl Carr &amp; Teddy Johnson (1959), Bryan Johnson (1960), The Allisons (1961), Matt Monro (1964), Kathy Kirby (1965), Cliff Richard (1968), Mary Hopkin (1970), The New Seekers (1972), The Shadows (1975), Lynsey de Paul and Mike Moran (1977), Scott Fitzgerald (1988), Live Report (1989), Michael Ball (1992), Sonia (1993) and Imaani (1998).<br /><br />The United Kingdom finished outside the top ten on only three occasions prior to 2000 (1978, 1987 and 1999). In the 21st century, the United Kingdom has had a considerably poorer record in the competition, only reaching the top ten twice, with Jessica Garlick third (2002) and Jade Ewen fifth (2009), compounded by eleven non-top 20 finishes, including Jemini's infamous 2003 nul points result, which was the first time that the country had come last in the contest. The UK has since finished in last place in 2008 with Andy Abraham (14 points), in 2010 with Josh Dubovie (10 points), in 2019 with Michael Rice (11 points), and in 2021 with James Newman (nul points).<br /><br />Facebook: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/schlagerlucas95">https://www.facebook.com/schlagerlucas95</a><br /><br />Copyright Disclaimer under section 107 of the Copyright Act 1976, allowance is made for &quot;fair use&quot; for purposes such as criticism, comment, news reporting, teaching, scholarship, education and research. Fair use is a use permitted by copyright statute that might otherwise be infringing. Non-profit, educational or personal use tips the balance in favor of fair use.{% endraw %}
