---
title: "High Blood Pressure 8 HOME REMEDIES Start Today"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/CC9hhQacXWw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "CC9hhQacXWw"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["lower high blood pressure","Best Home Remedies","How to lower high blood pressure Best Home Remedies"]
date: "2022-02-27T16:50:56+03:00"
vid_date: "2020-08-30T13:21:07Z"
duration: "PT7M7S"
viewcount: "180498"
likeCount: "2760"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Well & Wise"
---
{% raw %}How to lower high blood pressure Best Home Remedies<br />1. Garlic water <br /><br />Ingredients.<br />100 ml of water.<br />1 raw garlic clove, peeled and crushed.<br />Method of preparation.<br />Place the garlic clove in a glass of water, and let it rest for 8 to 10 hours, and drink this water on an empty stomach the next morning, or prepare a litre of garlic water, and drink it throughout the day.<br /><br />In addition to this water, garlic can be ingested throughout the day with food, being easier to swallow than water. A good tip is to add a few cloves of garlic to the olive oil. So, whenever you use olive oil, besides consuming a good fat you will also be using the properties of garlic. <br /><br />2. Lemon juice <br />Ingredients.<br />100 ml of coconut water.<br />2 lemons;<br />How to prepare?<br />Mix the ingredients very well and then drink. Drink once a day.<br /><br />3. Birdseed tea <br /><br />Ingredients.<br />500 ml water. <br />1 tablespoon of canary seed;<br />1 cinnamon stick;<br />Method of preparation.<br />Place the ingredients in a pot and boil for 5 minutes. Cover the pot and let it rest for about 10 minutes, then you can strain it and drink it afterwards. Drink 2 to 3 cups of this tea per day. <br /><br />4. Cranberry juice.<br /><br />Ingredients.<br />1 cup of blueberries;<br />½ glass of water;<br />juice from ½ lemon.<br />How to prepare?<br />Blend all ingredients until smooth. This juice should be consumed 1 to 2 times per day.  <br /><br />5. Jamaica flower tea.<br /><br />Ingredients.<br />1 to 2 grams of hibiscus flower;<br />1 cup of boiling water.<br />How to prepare?<br />Place the calyxes of the hibiscus flower inside the cup, and let it rest for 10 minutes. Then strain and drink 1 to 2 times a day, keeping at least 8 hours between cups.<br />Although there are no studies yet that prove it, it is possible that hibiscus is toxic above the daily dose of 6 grams. Therefore, it is recommended that the indicated dose not be increased. <br />Hibiscus flower tea can have a rather bitter taste, so if necessary, you can add a small spoonful of stevia or honey to sweeten it.<br /><br />6. Horsetail tea.<br /><br />Ingredients.<br />200 ml of boiling water.<br />1 tablespoons of dried horsetail leaves;<br />Method of preparation.<br />Place the ponytail leaves in boiling water, and let them rest for 10 minutes. Then strain and drink warm. This tea can be consumed 2 to 3 times a day. <br /><br />7. Valerian Tea<br />Ingredients.<br />1 cup with boiling water.<br />5 grams of valerian root.<br />Method of preparation.<br />Place the valerian root in the cup with the boiling water, letting it rest for 10 minutes. Strain and drink 2 to 3 times per day. In some people this tea can cause drowsiness during the day, in these cases it should be used only before sleeping. <br /><br />8. Olive Leaf Tea.<br /><br />Ingredients.<br />1/2 cup with boiling water.<br />3 tablespoons of dried olive leaves;<br />How to prepare?<br />Place the olive leaves in a cup of boiling water, and let it stand for 10 minutes. Strain and drink warm 3 to 4 cups throughout the day. <br />Besides the tea, there is also the extract of olive leaves, which can be purchased in natural products stores under the presentation in capsules, which can be consumed in a dose of 500mg, twice a day after meals.{% endraw %}
