---
title: "Animal Disease And Energy Supply Shock: Prepare Your Self For Meat And Egg Shortage!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/nl15K0jc7nk\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "nl15K0jc7nk"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["food shortage","food crisis","meat shortage"]
date: "2022-03-11T14:24:43+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-10T23:00:19Z"
duration: "PT12M58S"
viewcount: "25182"
likeCount: "2376"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Epic Economist"
---
{% raw %}Animal diseases are fast spreading all across America. Shortages of eggs, chicken, turkey, and meat are becoming more extensive by the day. A new outbreak of bird flu is decimating millions of commercial flocks. threatening to impact food supply chains all over the country, and send prices to unforeseen levels. <br />Cases are being reported in a dozen states since February 8, but the situation has been particularly alarming in Iowa and Missouri, where nearly 2.8 million birds – almost entirely chicken and turkeys – have died last month due to a highly pathogenic avian influenza, according to the Agriculture Department. At this point, the viral disease has already been identified in over 40 poultry farms and backyard flocks. <br /> According to officials with the Delmarva Chicken Association, this is the first time since 2004 that avian influenza was identified in broiler farms. They said that all affected flocks are being isolated and ensured that infected birds will not be distributed to the food system. This means that our domestic food supply chains are going to lose millions upon millions of chickens and turkeys at a time shortages are already driving food prices to stratospheric levels.  <br />Right now, the Consumer Price Index, which measures the average change in prices paid for things like food, clothes, housing, and transportation is up by 7.5%. The national average price for eggs rose by 13.1% last month, while chicken went up by 12.5%. At one point last year, the cost of eggs surged by 61%, chicken increased by 41%, while skinless turkey breasts jumped 75%. It’s safe to say that we’re headed to an era of skyrocketing prices for eggs, chicken, and turkey again. <br />Unless you are a vegan or a vegetarian, you are probably used to eating a considerable amount of meat on a regular basis. However, now we are being told that Americans are going to have to cut back on meat consumption as well due to global supply problems. Meat supplies are also becoming more scarce everywhere, and prices continue to reach new records. <br />According to a recent Yahoo Finance article, U.S. consumers are going to be forced to cut “steaks and burgers from their diets as inflation soars”: “Processors like Tyson Foods Inc. and JBS USA are making the least amount of money per head of cattle slaughtered in more than two years, according to data from HedgersEdge LLC. That’s a sign that demand for the luxury meat is flagging,” it reported. <br />A couple of years ago, calling beef a “luxury meat” would have raised some eyebrows. but now that the cost to grow cattle is soaring all across the globe, and consumer prices are skyrocketing, eating meat has become a privilege and a luxury for those who can afford it.   <br />As it becomes more unprofitable for farmers and processors to get their products to the stores, global meat supplies are tightening like never before. Global events have really started to spin out of control, and conditions are changing at a pace that is absolutely breathtaking. Brace yourself, America. None of these trends are going to be reversed any time soon, and that means the pain is just beginning.<br /><br />For more info, find us on: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.epiceconomist.com/">https://www.epiceconomist.com/</a>{% endraw %}
