---
title: "White Noise, Gentle Stream, Relaxing Sounds, Nature Sound, Sleep Sounds, Insomnia, ☯3377"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wnhDlatAse8\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wnhDlatAse8"
categories: "Music"
tags: ["Sleep","Sleeping","Sleep Music"]
date: "2022-02-04T13:22:16+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-02-27T18:00:04Z"
duration: "PT8H"
viewcount: "82228"
likeCount: "687"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Yellow Brick Cinema - Relaxing Music"
---
{% raw %}White Noise, Gentle Stream, Relaxing Sounds, Nature Sound, Sleep Sounds, Insomnia, ☯3377 - &quot;YellowBrickCinema’s Sleep Music is the perfect relaxing music to help you go to sleep, and enjoy deep sleep. Our music for sleeping is the best music for stress relief, to reduce insomnia, and encourage dreaming. Our calm music for sleeping uses Delta Waves and soft instrumental music to help you achieve deep relaxation, and fall asleep. Our relaxing sleep music can be used as background music, meditation music, relaxation music, peaceful music and sleep music. Let our soothing music and calming music help you enjoy relaxing deep sleep.<br /><br /><br />YellowBrickCinema’s deep sleep music videos have been specifically composed to relax mind and body, and are suitable for babies, children, teens, and adults who need slow, beautiful, soft, soothing music to assist them to fall asleep. See them as a form of sleep meditation or sleep hypnosis gently easing you into that wonderful relaxing world of healing sleep.<br /><br /><br />Some of our music videos incorporate the relaxing sounds of nature to lull you into a deep, peaceful sleep. Use our music videos for sleep meditation and allow the dreamy landscape images to move body and mind into a deep state of relaxation. Together with our sleep music’s beautiful, soothing instrumental sounds we make use of Binaural Beats (Theta Waves and Delta Waves), to naturally encourage a state of relaxation which is perfect for deep sleep or meditation.<br /><br /><br />YellowBrickCinema composes Sleep Music, Study Music and Focus Music, Relaxing Music, Meditation Music (including Tibetan Music and Shamanic Music), Healing Music, Reiki Music, Zen Music, Spa Music and Massage Music, Instrumental Music (including Piano Music, Guitar Music and Flute Music) and Yoga Music. We also produce music videos with Classical Music from composers such as Mozart, Beethoven and Bach.<br /><br /><br />Our music is popular for the following:<br />►Study &amp; Focus Music:<br />YellowBrickCinema’s Study Music &amp; Concentration Music is ideal background music to help you to study, concentrate, focus and work more effectively.<br />Our Study Music for concentration uses powerful Alpha Waves and Binaural Beats to boost concentration and brain power and is ideal relaxing music for stress relief. This Study Music and Focus Music is relaxing instrumental music that will help you study, focus and learn for that big test or exam and naturally allow your mind to reach a state of focus, perfect for work and study. <br />YellowBrickCinema also produce Classical Study Music videos for studying and concentration using top composers such as Mozart and Bach.  These Study Music videos can be used to study to, or as background music, music for relaxation and meditation music.<br /><br /><br />► Relaxation, Meditation and Healing Music:<br />Our relaxing music is perfect for Deepak Chopra meditation, Buddhist meditation, Zen meditation, Mindfulness meditation and Eckhart Tolle meditation. This music is influenced by Japanese meditation music, Indian meditation music, Tibetan music and Shamanic music. Some benefits include cleansing the Chakra, opening the Third Eye and increasing Transcendental meditation skills. The work of Byron Katie, Sedona Method, Silva Method and the Secret highlights the fact that healing can occur through using the mind and being in the “now”. Healing Meditation can be practised using this music for best results.<br /><br /><br />► Spa and Massage Music:<br />Our light instrumental music is useful after a long day of work to unwind and relax. The spa music, nature sounds, rain sounds, light piano and easy listening instruments used in these tracks encourage ultimate relaxation.  YellowBrickCinema’s music is great for massage therapy and our music will help you relax your mind and body.<br /><br /><br />►Reiki &amp; Zen Music:<br />Our Reiki Music and Zen Music is ideal for Reiki healing sessions, and encouraging a state of Zen. Let the calming, subtle sounds take you to a higher state of consciousness, and allow you to give and receive powerful Reiki vibrations.<br /><br /><br />►Yoga Music:<br />Our calming music is useful for yoga for beginners, yoga exercises, yoga chants influenced by Indian songs, African music, and is soothing music which can enable you to go into a yoga trance. If you are familiar with the work of Yogscast, Hare Krishna, Michael Franti, and Keshna be sure to use this. <br /><br /><br />► Instrumental Music:<br />YellowBrickCinema’s Instrumental Music includes relaxing Guitar music, Piano music and Flute music. Our instrumental music can be used for relaxation, study, meditation and stress relief. <br /><br /><br />► Classical Music:<br />Yellow Brick Cinema’s Classical Music is ideal for studying, reading, sleeping (for adults and babies) and general relaxation. We’ve compiled only the best quality music from some of the world’s most renowned composers such as Mozart, Beethoven, Bach, Vivaldi, Debussy, Brahms, Handel, Chopin, Schubert, Haydn, Dvorak, Schumann, Tchaikovsky and many more. <br /><br /><br />#sleepmusic<br />#sleep<br />#babysleep<br />#relaxingmusic<br />#instrumentalmusic<br /><br /><br />&quot;{% endraw %}
