---
title: "How to Quote and Write E-Apps (tutorial)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/9ERsvfhtS4Y\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "9ERsvfhtS4Y"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["Quote","Write","E-Apps"]
date: "2022-02-24T03:14:13+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-02-18T04:42:19Z"
duration: "PT24M48S"
viewcount: "5202"
likeCount: "180"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "FFL Meditate"
---
{% raw %}For licensing and contracting, talk with Aaliyah: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://calendly.com/aaliyahffl">http://calendly.com/aaliyahffl</a><br /><br />For training talk with Evan: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://calendly.com/evan007/you">http://calendly.com/evan007/you</a><br /><br />Spreadsheet: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://fflmeditate.com/resources">https://fflmeditate.com/resources</a><br /><br />5 Things that separates Family First Life from the rest of the industry:<br /><br />1. Aggressive Compensation + Bonuses<br />    * In the insurance industry most companies will start you at 55% and cap you at 110% so they can keep more of your commissions. Here at FFL we start our agents at 90% they can advance up to 145%.<br />    * FFL pays producer bonuses, agents can earn up to 8% additional commission on their annual production.<br /><br />2. One of the biggest concerns for life insurance agents is the upfront cost of leads. Most companies do not offer an exclusive lead program, and when they do the cost is too much for the agent to handle when getting started.<br /><br />3. LIVE Regional Training from REAL Top Producers<br /><br />4. It can be very difficult to find an IMO that offers sales training to its agents that isn’t limited to online modules. Here at FFL we offer hands on regional training from qualified producers. It doesn’t matter where you live in the U.S. we can provide local support.<br /><br />5. All of our trainers issue pay $20,000 MINIMALLY each month, so we can guarantee you’ll be well equipped to quickly learn how to close over 75% of your appointments.<br /><br />6. Do you know what Vested Renewals are?<br /><br />7. If your answer to this question was no than you are probably not being paid renewals. Renewals are residual commission payments that you receive for the life of certain policies you write.<br /><br />8. At FFL, these residuals are vested day one meaning if you ever leave FFL you take your renewals with you.<br /><br />9. No Contract or Fees<br />    * FFL is one of the few true independently owned IMO’s in the industry. We are not contracted through another IMO, FFL works directly with several Top Rated Insurance Carriers which allows us to offer the most aggressive compensation in the industry, pay bonuses and give out vested renewals because there is no other entity to share the commission with. FFL agents are also truly independent, there is no contract for you to sign with FFL we understand the independent contractor relationship as FFL is a company that was built by producers for producers.<br />    * We pride ourselves on the fact that there are no fees associated in working with FFL. No startup cost, no cost for training or to attend our Sales Conferences. If you are looking for an MLM or Networking Marketing Organization FFL would not be a good fit for you.<br />Are you currently being offered these benefits?<br />If the answer to that is no then why are you not working with Family First Life?<br /><br />If you are currently an independent contractor or employee of Superior Performers Inc. d/b/a National Agents Alliance (&quot;NAA&quot;), please disregard this ad. We are not currently hiring NAA agents.&quot;{% endraw %}
