---
title: "Vacuum Cleaner Sleep Sound for Babies | White Noise Soothes Crying, Colic | 10 Hours"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/6WolxzKLORY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "6WolxzKLORY"
categories: "Entertainment"
tags: ["vacuum sound","vacuum cleaner sound","vacuum cleaner"]
date: "2022-04-21T16:57:04+03:00"
vid_date: "2018-01-11T01:00:00Z"
duration: "PT10H"
viewcount: "8771317"
likeCount: "18795"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Relaxing White Noise"
---
{% raw %}An age-old trick for parents trying to soothe a crying baby is to run their vacuum cleaner. For many colicky infants, the vacuum cleaner sound quickly calm them down. Although remarkably effective, it is cumbersome and not ideal to constantly be running a vacuum while juggling a baby that won't stop crying. Try out this vacuum cleaner white noise as an alternative, and let us know in the comments if it works to soothe your baby. Also, if you're an adult who loves this sound, that's totally cool too 😉<br /><br />Baby white noise is an effective way to soothe a crying infant and lull your newborn to sleep. White noise resembles sounds the baby heard in the womb, which has a calming effect. It also masks other distracting noises so that your baby can fall asleep and remain sleeping.<br /><br />While playing white noise for babies, it’s important to keep tabs on the volume, because any white noise machine, smartphone, or computer can put out levels that are too loud for your child. It's recommended to play the sound at least a few feet from where your infant is sleeping and to keep the volume no louder than the sound of a soft shower. <br /><br />Parents can download an app to turn their smartphone into a sound level meter. One good, free, option is the sound level meter app created by the U.S. National Institutes for Occupational Safety and Health (NIOSH) available on the app store as the NIOSH SLM app.<br /><br />For more relaxing sounds to soothe a colicky infant, check out these popular videos:<br />Happy Baby White Noise: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/MBCUUtn4T8Q">https://youtu.be/MBCUUtn4T8Q</a><br />Colic Relief for Baby: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/du_zD78B04Q">https://youtu.be/du_zD78B04Q</a><br />Hair Dryer White Noise: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/HH31KzNct2g">https://youtu.be/HH31KzNct2g</a><br /><br />#whitenoise #whitenoiseforbabies #babysleep<br /><br />***<br /><br />Please subscribe to our channel: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/RWNSubscribe">https://bit.ly/RWNSubscribe</a><br /><br />DISCLAIMER: Do not drive or operate heavy machinery while listening to this sound. Remember that loud sounds can potentially damage your hearing. When playing one of our videos, if you cannot have a conversation over the sound without raising your voice, the sound may be too loud for your ears. Please do not place speakers right next to a baby’s ears. If you have difficulty hearing or hear ringing in your ears, please immediately discontinue listening to the white noise sounds and consult an audiologist or your physician. <br /><br />The sounds provided by this Youtube channel are for entertainment purposes only and are not a treatment for sleep disorders or tinnitus. If you have significant difficulty sleeping on a regular basis, experience fitful/restless sleep, or feel tired during the day, please consult your physician.<br /><br />© Relaxing White Noise LLC, 2018. All rights reserved. Any reproduction or republication of all or part of this video/audio is prohibited.{% endraw %}
