---
title: "Ardour : 6.9 : Tutorial :Free Daw :Panner (VBAP Panner)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/4cXErrL_BqI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "4cXErrL_BqI"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Ardour","Ardour Tutorial","Free Daw"]
date: "2022-03-14T09:02:50+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-04T15:48:51Z"
duration: "PT16M43S"
viewcount: "77"
likeCount: "3"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MuLix"
---
{% raw %}This video will guide you in Panner of Ardour .It has four types of it Mono,Equal Power Stereo,Stereo Balance, VBAP. Ardour does give this feature as support ,if you dont want you can By-pass it completely.VBAP was developed by Ville Pulkki at Aalto University, Helsinki, in 1997. Its an awesome panner configuration.VBAP Panner in  ardour can not be used with Automation like rest of panners.  <br /><br />Hope you will find this tutorial helpful in learning this software , Do tell your friends about the Daw and urge them to learn with us <br /><br />Do ask question in comments, if any , I will try to answer them as early as possible.<br /><br />. !! Ardour Version : 6.9 : Ardour Tutorial !!<br /><br />ARDOUR is the best free and open source DAW for people who aspire to do , understand and learn the process of music production.It can give you all the things which paid Daws have along with something unique as well.<br /><br />The video here stats some important things about ardour, which are crucial for making music in Daw. Videos here also can be considered as Ardour Tutorials.Music production can be a hobby as well , for hobbyist it is the best option available as for good and functioning free Daw. The instrument and effect plugins used in the video are also free. Just some compiling knowledge is required which can be found easy on Github and other allied sources.<br /><br />Ardour is best free daw in 2021 , as it supports plugin formats like Lv2, Vst, Vst3. Good supporting forums are available , it provides attractive GUI's for plugins and itself, which makes it soothing for eye's and interesting and motivational to work.<br /><br />This is developed with best software developers  and is supported by many linux enthusiast, who use it and tells not just about the bugs but new things that can be added to benefit users.This is only daw which gives user ability to change certain things of the daw as per user needs with help of Lua scripts.Being a free DAW its used by many professional sound engineers for Mastering and Mixing , As it is beast in modifying audio in any possible way.<br /><br />Producers who have money crunch ,Any students who wants to know about the DAW, can use this software as start. This software can make anybody who wants to learn music production very easy. The learning curve for this Daw is little bit stiff but awesome things can happen once you learn it. <br /><br />Music doesn’t have any protocol, any method or any structure, you just have to open the Daw and go for it. <br /><br />Music Made in all my videos is from the DAW, Lv2 Instrument and Effect plugins. <br /><br />Please have a look at it and do help the creators as well.<br /><br />Best of luck learn and make your dream come true !!<br /><br />Hope you will learn Someting.<br /><br />Thank you{% endraw %}
