---
title: "PUTIN panics as a huge fire continues to burn a Russian city near the border with Ukraine"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/DHZAKYzTHdI\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "DHZAKYzTHdI"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["enerhodar","kiev fight","70 fighter jets to ukraine"]
date: "2022-05-06T22:24:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-06T03:58:53Z"
duration: "PT3M26S"
viewcount: "228640"
likeCount: "3808"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Trending news"
---
{% raw %}Thank you for watching our video. Please like and subscribe to help us reach 100k Sub.<br />Mail: hungbktna41@gmail.com Please comment here to help us publish better videos to serve you.<br /><br />PUTIN panics when Russia continues to burn down a city near the border with Ukraine with a giant fire | Update on Russia and Ukraine war on 6/5.<br /><br />A HUGE fire has broken out near Russia's border with Ukraine - the latest of several unexplained fires since the start of the war that broke out yesterday, May 5.<br /><br />Videos circulating on social media on Thursday showed a large fire and black smoke engulfing many buildings in the western city of Kursk, just 69 kilometers from the border with Ukraine. The size of the fire, confirmed by Russia's Emergencies Ministry, was 400 square meters at 2 p.m. local time.<br /><br />National media first reported that the burned building was a residential area. The cause of the fire is still unknown, this is a fire with a large area causing great damage and panicking the spirit of the Russian people. It is suspected to be due to the Ukrainian offensive, as recently Ukraine is moving from defense to attack Russian facilities.<br /><br />According to Kursk-based news agencies, emergency services were called to the scene after the incident was reported at 1:15 p.m. local time yesterday.<br /><br />About 20 firefighters and four vehicles are working to put out the blaze, which can be seen from most parts of the city.<br /><br />Residents of Kursk said the number of casualties is still unknown, they were quite confused and confused as they searched for a place to hide to escape the fire.<br /><br />The incident followed massive fires at two oil depots in the Russian city of Bryansk, less than 100 kilometers from the border with Ukraine, with footage posted on Russian social media showing columns of smoke rising from the facilities. department. Russia is experiencing continuous explosions and Giant fires recently, leaving Russians quite confused about their danger level, many infrastructures across Russia have been destroyed by fires. burned down.<br /><br />Russian state media reported that the first fire occurred at a civilian facility in Bryansk containing 10,000 tons of fuel, while the second occurred at a military fuel depot containing 5,000 tons.<br /><br />Both these explosions were caused by a missile attack by Kyiv.<br /><br />A few days later, on April 27, Moscow reported a series of explosions in the south of the country and a fire at an ammunition depot, which a top Ukrainian official called &quot;karma&quot; for the attacks. their attack.<br /><br />Without taking clear responsibility, Ukrainian presidential adviser Mykhailo Podolyak said: &quot;If you (the Russians) decide to massively attack another country, mass kill everyone there, mass crush people. moderate population with tanks and use the warehouses in your area to commit murders, sooner or later the debts will be paid.&quot;<br /><br />Mr. Podolyak warned the Kremlin could not &quot;sit outside&quot; of their invasion, adding: &quot;And therefore disarming the stockpiles of the Belgorod and Voronezh killers is a completely natural process. .<br /><br />&quot;Karma is a cruel thing.&quot;<br /><br />In early April, Russia accused Ukraine of attacking a fuel depot in Belgorod with a helicopter, which a top Kyiv security official denies, and opened fire on several villages in the province.<br /><br />The incidents, although their origins are unconfirmed, show Russia's vulnerabilities in areas close to the invaded neighbor, which is crucial to the country's military logistics chain .{% endraw %}
