---
title: "\"Our Helicopter Training System Is Known Around The World\""
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/cMvFdp01gkY\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "cMvFdp01gkY"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Helicopter","Online","Ground"]
date: "2022-03-25T16:04:39+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-04-16T22:00:44Z"
duration: "PT5M31S"
viewcount: "8805"
likeCount: "81"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Helicopter Online Ground School"
---
{% raw %}Take the Helicopter Online Ground School 24 Hour Test Flight at <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.HelicopterGround.com">https://www.HelicopterGround.com</a><br /><br />Text or Call HOGS Member Support at 574-767-1797<br /><br />You can also email support@helicopterground.com<br /><br />Flying helicopters can be a truly amazing and rewarding experience. It can be very difficult to learn though for the average person. 25% of the work is actually learning to fly the helicopter. 75% of the work is learning all the knowledge.<br /><br />My name's Kenny Keller and I'm the creator of Helicopter Online Ground School. My helicopter training system is known around the world. We take great pride and help people get past the overwhelm to become a rated helicopter pilot. Our members come from all walks of life and most everyone has some kind of a struggle. We highlight our members on the HOGS Wall of Fame that you see behind me.<br /><br />It all started 10 years ago with an idea and a borrowed flip video camera. We're proud to update that HOGS wall every week with new member helicopter check-ride pictures and we want to get you up on that wall as well. We occasionally have a HOGS members stopped that the HOGS headquarters and sign their picture when they're traveling through the area. And when you pass your check-ride, after you send us in your picture and you're excited from passing, we send you the HOGS NO GO button. We've built this to help curb a problem in the industry of pilots flying into bad weather and losing their lives. So we are really pushing, make good weather decisions. And when you make that right decision to stay on the ground, you hit the button, live to fly another day.<br /><br />For our monthly memberships, we have a keep as long as you like, cancel anytime policy. We also have a 24-hour test flight on those monthly memberships where you can go in and look at the entire course for 24 hours and be billed nothing. In that 24 hours, if you decide the training is not right for you, you can self-cancel. And you can do that yourself by simply going to the settings. And if you paid with a credit card, just hit cancel subscription. Or if you sent it with PayPal, you just simply go to your PayPal account and end the subscription. Then, you're welcome to come back at any time or you're going to decide to keep the training, go month-to-month, keep as long as you like. Again, cancel any time. And many of our members come back. They come in for a little bit, work on private and then they leave and then they come back and work on commercial or they come back and work on instrument. You can always come back anytime.<br /><br />And if you need any help with that cancellation or anything else, Heather Hite is our member concierge. She is there to take care of you, answer your questions. When you sign up for the course, she'll send a nice welcome email to make sure you got logged in. She's in charge of shipping my Amazon number one bestsellers, top 10 check-ride tips, and helicopter check-ride. And she ships our HOGS gear and our HOGS No Go button.<br /><br />She can answer any questions you have about membership, heather@helicopterground.com. You can also text or call Heather at (574) 767-1797. Then for your more advanced questions, we have something special for new members and existing members. Included with membership is a consultation with our operations manager, Brian Rutledge. Brian is a 30-year aviator, a certified flight instructor in both airplanes and helicopters. Heather can set you up for a simple Zoom call with Brian where he can answer those more advanced questions about flight, training, airplanes and helicopters.{% endraw %}
