---
title: "SPICE UP YOUR WEEKLY MENU WITH THIS QUICK + EASY NOODLES RECIPE"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/rVqod3lmu6E\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "rVqod3lmu6E"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["how to make sweet and spicy ramen noodles recipe","sweet and spicy ramen noodles recipe","how to cook sweet and spicy noodles recipe"]
date: "2022-04-14T21:48:20+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-14T15:00:26Z"
duration: "PT8M34S"
viewcount: "5088"
likeCount: "912"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Yeung Man Cooking"
---
{% raw %}ORDER YOUR COOKBOOKS, MERCH, &amp; SUSHI MASTERCLASS HERE:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.yeungmancooking.com">https://www.yeungmancooking.com</a><br /><br />LEARN HOW TO MAKE AN EASY AND QUICK SWEET + SPICY NOODLES RECIPE TODAY!<br /><br />LAY HO LAY HO!  If there's noodles, I'm game!  Join me in this episode and learn how to make an easy, quick, and tasty sweet and spicy noodles stir fry recipe right at home!  Let's begin<br /><br />Ingredients:<br />4 pieces garlic<br />small piece ginger<br />5 sticks green onion<br />1 tbsp doubanjiang<br />1/2 tbsp soy sauce<br />1 tsp dark soy sauce<br />1 tsp black vinegar<br />splash toasted sesame oil<br />1/2 tbsp maple syrup<br />1/4 cup peanuts<br />1 tsp white sesame seeds<br />140g dry ramen noodles<br />2 tbsp avocado oil<br />1 tsp gochugaru<br />1 tsp crushed chili flakes<br /><br />Directions:<br />1. Bring some water to boil for the noodles <br />2. Finely chop the garlic and ginger.  Finely chop the green onions keeping the white and green parts separate <br />3. Make the stir fry sauce by combining together the doubanjiang, soy sauce, dark soy sauce, black vinegar, toasted sesame oil, and maple syrup <br />4. Heat up a nonstick pan to medium heat.  Add the peanuts and white sesame seeds.  Toast for 2-3min, then set aside <br />5. Boil the noodles for half the time to package instruction (in this case 2min).  Gently loosen the noodles with chopsticks <br />6. Place the pan back to medium heat.  Add the avocado oil followed by the garlic, ginger, and the white parts from the green onions.  Sauté for about 1min <br />7. Add the gochugaru and crushed chili flakes.  Sauté for another minute <br />8. Strain out the noodles and add to the pan followed by the stir fry sauce.  Add the green onions, toasted peanuts, and sesame seeds but save some for garnish <br />9. Sauté for a couple of minutes, then plate the noodles.  Garnish with the remaining peanuts, sesame seeds, and green onion <br /><br /><br />If you enjoyed this episode and would love to see more, remember to like, comment, and subscribe so that you won't miss a single episode!<br /><br />Hong Kong born Canadian, Wil Yeung is an international photographer, filmmaker, entrepreneur, violinist, and YouTube chef.  He immigrated to Canada when he was a young boy carrying with him his ability to speak Cantonese and some broken English.  Much of his culinary aspirations stem from his background in the visual and musical art spaces.  Whether you're plant based or plant based curious, Wil believes that learning how to make food can really change your life and of those around you.<br /><br />STAY IN THE LOOP ON SOCIAL MEDIA!<br />Wil's Recipes on Instagram:  @yeungmancooking<br />Wil's Recipes on Facebook:  fb.me/yeungmancooking.com<br />Wil's Photography + Video on Instagram: @wyphotography.com<br />Wil's Photography + Video on Facebook: wyphotography<br /><br />You are watching: <br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/rVqod3lmu6E">https://youtu.be/rVqod3lmu6E</a>{% endraw %}
