---
title: "6 Incredible Ways To Prevent Erectile Dysfunction"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/2TlszKdBNoU\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "2TlszKdBNoU"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["erectile dysfunction treatment","erectile dysfunction","erectile dysfunction exercises"]
date: "2022-01-18T22:26:21+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-01-15T14:00:01Z"
duration: "PT12M19S"
viewcount: "3398"
likeCount: "160"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Heart Disease Code"
---
{% raw %}Discover 6 Incredible Ways To Prevent Erectile Dysfunction<br /><br />► ► FREE BOOK + DOCUMENTARY: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://heartdiseasecode.com/health/">https://heartdiseasecode.com/health/</a> <br />► ► JOIN HEART DISEASE CODE: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://heartdiseasecode.com">https://heartdiseasecode.com</a> <br /><br />Erectile dysfunction is often referred to as the canary in the coalmine for heart disease as it indicates there is a major problem with blood flow and the cardiovascular system.  Join us to learn 6 Incredible  ways to avoid this condition.<br /><br />6. Get adequate L-Arginine: Studies indicate that a supplement of 2 to 5 grams of arginine helps with symptoms of erectile dysfunction.<br /><br />5. Consume Beets: Beets are one of the highest forms of nitrates which help improve the production of nitric oxide.  A critical molecule for blood flow and blood vessel dilation.This being essential for improving erectile dysfunction. Beets are also great source of fiber which is important for weight reduction and helping prevent cardiovascular disease.<br /><br />4. Consume folate rich foods: aside from providing nitric oxide these also provide your body with an essential source of folate. Folate, which is often taken in the form of Folic acid, assists the body to make nitric oxide. This is likened to the ignition for an erection.<br /><br />3. Zinc: This nutrient is critical for a healthy immune system as well as hormone production. As we have already discussed, hormones have a major role in this condition. And stress is a big part of the puzzle when it comes to optimizing hormone function. The adrenal glands create hormones called DHEA and cortisol. These help us deal with stress. If  we don’t manage stress this can have a knock on effect on sexual performance. DHEA is an essential hormone for libido. Deficiencies in zinc can cause problems with adrenal function.<br /><br />2. Exercise: According to one Harvard study, walking for just 30 minutes a day saw a 41% drop in risk for erectile dysfunction. Being physically active is a great way to improve sexual function. It not only improves blood flow, but aids with relaxation which in turn can help with hormone imbalances.<br />Exercise also helps the production of nitric oxide so is a key aspect to improving this condition.  Including weight-bearing exercise can improve the production of the hormone testosterone. This hormone is a significant factor in erectile strength and libido<br /><br />1. Eat Pomegranate : A Scottish Study found that individuals who were given a glass of pomegranate juice daily for 2 weeks had an average of  24% increase in testosterone. Having good testosterone levels helps improve sex drive which is part of the problem when it comes to erectile dysfunction.<br />Furthermore this fruit helps improve blood flow, and production of nitric oxide.Additionally, pomegranate is high in vitamin C. Vitamin C plays a crucial role in the production of nitric oxide (NO) by converting nitrates to nitric oxide.<br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br /><br />Disclaimer: All material in this publication is provided for information only and may not be construed as medical advice or instruction. No action should be taken based solely on the contents of this publication; instead, viewers should consult appropriate health professionals on any matter relating to their health and well-being. The information and opinions provided in this publication are believed to be accurate and sound, based on the best judgment available to the producers, but viewers who fail to consult with appropriate health authorities assume the risk of any injuries. The publisher is not responsible for errors or omissions. The material in this report has not been approved by the Food and Drug Administration. The products discussed are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease.{% endraw %}
