---
title: "HURRY! $150,000 STARTUP Small Business GRANTS in 2 Hours!"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/qXLghL8mZ1k\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "qXLghL8mZ1k"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["HURRY! $150000 STARTUP Small Business GRANTS in 2 Hours!","business grants","business grants 2022"]
date: "2022-02-25T22:53:52+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-25T17:43:07Z"
duration: "PT16M20S"
viewcount: "462"
likeCount: "98"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Rod Squad"
---
{% raw %}Subscribe to our newsletter for the links to these grant opportunities: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/nealrod">https://bit.ly/nealrod</a><br />Watch the video until the end to see all the NEW grant opportunities I have found.<br /><br />00:00 Just a few of our viewers who have won grants after watching our videos.<br />00:13 $150,000 grants for STARTUP small business owners.<br />03:25 Application for the $150,000 grant opportunity.<br />05:19 More viewers who have won $10,000 grants after watching our channel.<br />06:48 Another Grant opportunity <br />07:07 Small Business resources<br />08:05 Amex grant for brick and mortar businesses<br />08:30 Grant for wantrapreneurs! Apply to become a founder of a Startup business.<br />08:47 Grant for clothes retailers or arbitrage dealers.<br />08:57 $2,500 grants for women.<br />09:14 Grant opportunity with deadline that lapses today.<br />09:25 Leave your contact information to get notified about this $10,000 nationwide grant opportunity.<br />09:59 And even more NEW grant opportunities for small businesses.<br />11:06 Grants and free resources to help you generate revenue through marketing and technological support.<br />12:35 How to make money hosting an AirBNB location.<br />13:04 Learn how to write grant pitches for free.<br />13:57 Subscribe to the newsletter for access to these application portals: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/nealrod">https://bit.ly/nealrod</a><br />15:27 Where do get personalized assistance for grants and your small business funding needs.<br /><br />Legal Disclosure: Neal, representing Rod Squad, is not a financial advisor. The information contained in this video is for entertainment purposes only. Before investing, please consult a licensed professional. <br /><br />Any grant applications Neal shows on video should not be considered “financial advice,” or “investment recommendations.”  Neal shall not be held liable for any losses you may incur applying for any grant programs in an attempt to mirror what I do. <br /><br />Any stock or cryptocurrency purchases Neal shows on video should not be considered “investment recommendations.” Neal shall not be held liable for any losses you may incur for investing and trading in the cryptocurrency market or stock market in an attempt to mirror what I do. Unless investments are FDIC insured, they may decline in value and/or disappear entirely. Please be careful! <br /><br />The content in any of Rod Squad and Neal's YouTube videos shall not be construed as business, tax, legal, insurance, construction, engineering, health &amp; safety, electrical, financial advice, or other &amp; may be outdated or inaccurate; it is your responsibility to verify all information. <br /><br />This YouTube video is for entertainment purposes ONLY. IF stocks, cryptocurrencies, or companies are mentioned, Neal, representing Rod Squad, MAY have an ownership interest in them - DO NOT make buying or selling decisions based on Neal's videos. If you need advice, please contact a qualified CPA, attorney, insurance agent, contractor/electrician/engineer/etc., financial advisor, or the appropriate professional for the subject with which you need help.{% endraw %}
