---
title: "IA Q&A: $1M in BTC in 10 Yrs, Heirs, SOL Hedge, Decoupling, Speculating GME and more"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/GTDtNAFX4us\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "GTDtNAFX4us"
categories: "Science-Technology"
tags: ["crypto news today","bitcoin news","bitcoin price prediction"]
date: "2022-04-25T01:02:51+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-24T20:25:57Z"
duration: "PT50M42S"
viewcount: "11886"
likeCount: "1923"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "InvestAnswers"
---
{% raw %}#Bitcoin #heirs #Decoupling #FTM #SOL #XRP #NVDA #NVTA #GME<br />💰Tradingview referral link $30 off: tradingview.com/?offer_id=10&amp;aff_id=27663<br />💰Celsius IA Referral Code get $50 with $400 deposit:  1315105ca2  (new customers only)<br />💰Celsius IA PROMO Code get $60 in Bitcoin with $400 deposit:  IA60 (new customers only) INSTRUCTIONS here  <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr">https://ibb.co/zRd6fqr</a> or <br />💰Voyager Deposit $100 to get $25 of free Bitcoin. Use code CB91C1 or this link to claim your BTC: voyager.onelink.me/WNly/referral?af_sub5=CB91C1 <br />💰FTX USA: Save on trades FTX referral link: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ftx.us/#a=6600802">https://ftx.us/#a=6600802</a> 10% Savings on Fees<br />💰FTX ALL OTHER COUNTRIES: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://ftx.com/referrals#a=78091443">https://ftx.com/referrals#a=78091443</a> 10% Savings on Fees<br />00:00 The opinions expressed in the video are for general informational purposes only and are not intended to provide specific advice or recommendations for any individual or on any specific security or investment product. It is only intended to provide education about the financial industry.<br />Introduction<br />01:00 I want a step-by-step plan for passing crypto to heirs that will be simple for, yet secure so crypto isn’t lost or complex for them.<br />01:10 Passing Crypto to Heirs<br />02:00 What Not to Do<br />03:00 How long it takes to crack PWs<br />03:30 Plan Additions to Consider<br />04:00 Remember!<br />05:00 Do you still feel FTM is a hedge against SOL? NEAR seems to be the better hedge.<br />05:10 NEAR Protocol to Launch a New Stablecoin USN<br />08:00 Fantom Drama<br />08:30 Fantom Chart<br />09:00 When will the bitcoin price de-couple from traditional markets and what are the signals to indicate that a decoupling trend is growing momentum?<br />10:00 BTC vs QQQ<br />11:00 It’s not signals we’re looking for, it’s DOMINOS.<br />12:00 Inflation Hedge Narrative: Gold<br />12:30 Inflation Hedge Narrative: Bitcoin<br />13:00 What is more profitable; interest on crypto or borrowing to speculate with collateral locked up?<br />13:20 Example: Paying off Credit Card with Celsius<br />14:00 Borrowing Against Crypto<br />15:00 Yield on Crypto<br />16:00 Conclusion<br />16:30 Can you help me educate my GME Ape friends who are living in a pipe dream?<br />17:00 Gamestop Valuation EPS - 76M Shares<br />17:30 Gamestop Valuation PE &amp; PS Ratio<br />18:00 Gamestop Pumped to Retail Investors<br />18:20 Gamestop Inflation - 15% Dilution last 10 mths<br />18:40 Gamestop True Value<br />19:00 Are you still having a good experience with the Voyager platform? I’m considering signing up for access to LUNA, FTM, and for the 9% USDC yield.<br />19:20 Voyager<br />20:00 With the ETH merge coming up, thoughts on price impact to NVDA stock due to miners selling equipment and no longer buying graphics cards creating massive demand for their product?<br />20:30 NVIDIA price moves driven by ETH?<br />22:00 NVIDIA Fairly Valued Entering Expo Growth<br />22:30 If I want one million dollar in purchasing power 10 years from now, how many bitcoins should I try to get today?<br />22:40 I LOVE THIS Question!<br />23:00 Value of $1M today in 10 Years<br />24:00 BTC for $1M in PP by 2031 = 2.83 BTC<br />25:00 $NVTA at historic lows and appears oversold. Financials look ok and nothing in the underlying business model seems to have changed. Good buying opp or falling knife?<br />25:20 NVTA Projections<br />27:00 Analysts Targets<br />28:00 What if BTC goes to 1 million dollar. The big whales will have trillions of dollars worth of BTC. Do you see this as a good thing or bad thing?<br />29:00 The Trillion Dollar Bitcoin Whale?<br />30:00 Fun Q I would Ask?<br />31:00 Would like to do pair trading. What is a good token to pair trade with my XRP?<br />32:00 XRP Pair - only BTC<br />32:30 XRP BTC CC<br />33:00 I want loved ones to understand why investing heavily in bonds might be problematic. Could you help with a synopsis that paints that picture?<br />34:00 Step 1: Do you want to lend to this?<br />35:00 Step 2: Govt already defaulted before<br />36:00 Step 3: Inflation<br />37:00 Who is the world indebted to, given humans invented money?<br />37:30 Savers Are Indebted<br />38:00 Savers Are The Losers<br />39:00 How to Win?<br />40:00 Your Contributions, Our Donations{% endraw %}
