---
title: "Things Aren't Looking Good For Zion Williamson"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/ieqZPYVzjgM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "ieqZPYVzjgM"
categories: "Sports"
tags: ["Zion Williamson","zion","mistake"]
date: "2022-02-13T07:36:33+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-04T23:05:56Z"
duration: "PT8M31S"
viewcount: "364084"
likeCount: "6181"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "MJ2KALLDAY"
---
{% raw %}Zion Williamson is making a mistake and it may cost him a lot more than money. #NBA #Zion<br />Gaming/Streaming-  @MJPLAYSALLDAY <br />Twitter- @MJ2KALLDAY<br /><br />There’s someone else I’m forgetting...oh yeah Zion. He’s actually on this team. Apart from all the weight jokes, Zion has been off the radar. And at this point, it’s his own fault that could cost him a lot.<br /><br />The NBA has always been a player’s league. Former commissioner David Stern made the decision in the 80s to market players to pivot away from the fighting which was tanking the league. So they promoted Bird and Magic. And from there, they have always chosen players to promote, more than teams which the NFL chose. It’s been Kobe vs the Big 3, LeBron vs Kawhi, Harden vs Curry. So the Michael Jordans, the Shaqs, Kobe, LeBron all got chosen. That also includes young players like Ben Simmons, Lonzo, remember when your timeline was just filled with LaMelo highlights. And so was Zion. Man had already signed an 8 figure shoe deal before playing his first NBA game. <br /><br />And Zion fell for it himself. He was drinkin his own Kool-Aid. Zion wanted the Pelicans to keep JJ Reddick and they didn’t even though they were part of the same agency. The Pelicans let Lonzo go even though he was a restricted free agent and Zion was very public about wanting to keep Zo. Last summer, rumors came out that Zion’s family members wanted him out of New Orleans and onto another team. The power he thought he had in his second year wasn’t there yet. It’s hard to go from 0 to hero and then go back to 0 when you make the NBA, have to get back to the top all over again. David Griffin, the Pelicans GM, has tried to make a relationship with Zion by playing him the piano...Fair. Zion said he loves it in New Orleans and doesn’t wanna be anywhere else even though all the coaches wouldn’t run the fastbreak.<br /><br />Zion was bordering the lines of freak of nature and overweight. Being 285 and jumping that high, moving that fast didn’t seem possible, especially for those knees. It made him unstoppable, that field goal percentage can attest to that, but pair that with this walk, and longevity wise we knew he needed to lose weight. <br /><br />And so began the saga, Zion got hurt in the offseason and had surgery to repair a fractured right foot. Fracture foot usually means weight gain and in Zion’s case, it got real bad. Now I’m not here to fat shame him, but this weight gain continued. He’s now a reported 330 pounds, this is more than the typical 10-20 pounds of weight gain because of an injury, we’re talking about 45 pounds. And that extra weight won’t help recovery, so why have it spiral out of control if you’re trying to get back on the court as quickly as possible?<br /><br />On November 26, the Pelicans said he had been cleared to participate in full team activities, but literally less than a week later, they shut Zion down, saying he had soreness in his foot and they had to reevaluate him. <br /><br />Zion could choose to control his weight, but why? Zion’s going to get a max extension, the Pelicans would still suck even with him. Zion may want out of New Orleans, but he doesn’t really have any power to do so. While we have seen NBA stars force their way out with the threat of not resigning like Harden, Paul George, LeBron, Zion doesn’t have that same leverage. He hasn’t signed his first major contract, he has no leverage to force the organization into doing anything he wants...except him actually playing. So Zion knows that he’s guaranteed money, that the Pelicans aren’t good with or without him, the drive just doesn’t seem as high as before. <br /><br />And perhaps worst of all for Zion’s image, Ja Morant has been leading the Grizzlies to the playoffs every year since he’s been drafted. Now he’s even in MVP talks, 3rd best record in the West. Ja has never complained, even when he’s gotten hurt. He’s gotten better each year and so have the Grizzlies. Zion can’t escape the comparisons because that’s his draft, he was the #1 pick, Ja was the #2. <br /><br />**I mean if you got a $100 million dollars, would you ever work again?** The best NBA players are, motivation and drive for the game is everything to be successful.           <br /><br />But it could also be that he wants to leave the Pelicans and if that’s the case, I feel like he’s gotta pay his dues and stop drinking his own Kool-Aid. It’s your third year. You can’t force your way out like AD. Give it a bit of time. I wanna see Zion back on the court, I wanna see him succeed. He’s got a lot of pressure on him, the NBA has already put the most spotlight on him, and so it’s definitely a lot for a 21 year old. I just don’t want him making a mistake that robs him of his reputation. But what do you think? What’s going on with Zion?{% endraw %}
