---
title: "12 Foods That Build Muscle & Burn Fat (Simultaneously)"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/pUSaSbXdhIw\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "pUSaSbXdhIw"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["12 foods that build muscle and burn fat at the same time","how to build muscle and burn fat at the same time","best foods to burn fat and build muscle simultaneously"]
date: "2022-03-22T16:19:30+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-20T15:00:21Z"
duration: "PT11M23S"
viewcount: "223251"
likeCount: "8506"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Gravity Transformation - Fat Loss Experts"
---
{% raw %}These foods will help you lose weight, burn fat, and build muscle at the same time. Many of the foods you'll eat whether it's for weight loss, bulking, or cutting can be used for multiple goals. Body recomposition allows you to build muscle and burn fat at the same time. These are the best foods to accomplish that. <br /><br />🔥 FREE 6 Week Shred: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2Bv8CL4">http://bit.ly/2Bv8CL4</a><br /><br />📲 FREE Diet/Workout Planner Tool: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/2N41lTX">http://bit.ly/2N41lTX</a><br /><br />Certain things that you eat are more likely to add fat to your body. Meanwhile, there are other foods that you can eat that'll not only help you reduce your body fat, but will also help you gain muscle at the same time. This is a process known as body composition and it's one of the fastest ways to get to your goal without cycling between bulking and cutting. So today I want to give you the 12 best foods that'll help you build muscle and burn fat at the same time. <br /><br />And first I want to start with fish specifically fish with white meat. This includes fish like flounder, cod, and of course whitening fish. Typically white fish is very low in fat but very high in protein. And even though dietary fats don't necessarily lead to you gaining body fat, dietary fats do add additional calories to your daily total. So even though a fish like Salmon can help you get lean while building muscle, white meat fish are considered even leaner sources of protein. For example, when we compare farm-raised salmon to cod we find that a 4oz fillet of cod has about 93 calories, 20 grams of protein, and less than 1 gram of fat meanwhile a 4 ounce portion of farmed salmon contains about 236 calories with 23 grams of protein and 15 grams of fat. Wild-caught salmon would be a much better option and is definitely considered a lean source of protein that can help you build muscle and burn fat but compared to white-fleshed fish it still contains about double the calories that you would get from Cod for almost the same exact amount of protein. <br /><br />Next, we have egg whites. Now of course you can eat the whole egg and still get lean in the process. But the best way to maximize protein and minimize excess calories is by eating just the egg whites. Although you won't get the rich macronutrient content that comes from egg yolk, when we compare whole eggs to egg whites it's easy to see that you save quite a bit of dietary fat. 1 large egg contains about 78 calories with 6 grams of protein and 5 grams of fat. On the other hand, 1 egg white will contain only 17 calories with 3.5grams of protein and basically 0 grams of fat. So even if we compare 1 whole egg to 2 eggs whites you can see that the egg whites save you a lot of calories for more protein. 2 egg whites would only be 34 calories with 7 grams of protein and basically still 0 grams of fat. If you're trying to keep calories low and protein high while still enjoying the taste of your eggs you can try adding one or two whole eggs and then for the rest of the protein scramble with egg whites. <br /><br />Another seafood that I haven't mentioned is shrimp. Shrimp is actually one of my favorite sources of protein when I'm on a lean bulk mostly because I just like how it tastes. It doesn't taste exactly like fish nor does it taste anything like beef, chicken, or pork so it helps add more of a variety of different tastes to my diet. I also like to add soy sauce and some garlic to my shrimp because it makes it taste even better without adding any empty calories. 4 ounces of farmed Shrimp contain only around 80 calories with around 15 grams of protein and under 2 grams of fat. Wild-caught shrimp has about 120 calories, 23 grams of protein, and 2 grams of fat. Also, another reason why I really like shrimp is that you can get pre-cooked shrimp, throw it on the frying pan for under 2 minutes and your protein source is ready making it very convenient. <br /><br />Another food that is a staple in the bodybuilding community is chicken breast. And the reason why chicken breast is probably the most common source of protein listed on a bodybuilder's diet is that it's almost entirely made up of protein, and pretty much only comparable to turkey breast in terms of lean poultry. For a 4 ounce portion of chicken breast you'll take in a little over 1 gram of fat, but it'll also provide around 23 to 25 grams of protein for a total of only around 120 calories.  <br /><br />Now based on the foods that we've gone over so far you're probably thinking that steak and red meat is nowhere to be found on this list. However lean cuts of beef can definitely help you get enough protein to build muscle and can help you get more creatine from your diet, without adding on a ton of additional calories. The leanest cut of beef is the eye of round portion which for 4 ounces contains about 140 calories with 25 grams of protein and only 3.5 grams of fat. Top round is another lean cut that contains about 174 calories with 25 grams of protein and about 7 to 8 grams of fat. Other portions that aren't quite as lean but are still...{% endraw %}
