---
title: "5 Dividend Investing Strategies For Everyday Investors"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/fpu6tdvB4cg\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "fpu6tdvB4cg"
categories: "People-Blogs"
tags: ["dividend","dividends","stock"]
date: "2022-04-16T08:18:25+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-04-15T21:43:42Z"
duration: "PT22M39S"
viewcount: "2040"
likeCount: "295"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "ppcian"
---
{% raw %}I'm excited to share 5 dividend investing strategies for everyday investors that have personally worked with my investment portfolio. A throwback to my early dividend video days, this is the first video from my new backyard in Idaho!<br />#dividend #stock #investing <br /><br />Timestamps:<br />0:00 Introduction<br />1:37 STRATEGY 1: CORE DIVIDEND STOCKS WORK IN TIMES OF DOWNSIDE VOLATILITY<br />1:48 My top 2 favorite stocks of all time, Johnson &amp; Johnson (JNJ) and PepsiCo (PEP), have outperformed the S&amp;P 500 during the last 6 months of volatility.<br />2:20 During a surging stock market, a lot of investors look down on dividend stock investing. (They forget about down markets.)<br />3:33 Key Point: Dividend stocks help investors stay committed to stock market investing! The key to investing is longevity.<br />4:27 STRATEGY 2: DEPLOY (OR SAVE) WINDFALLS IMMEDIATELY TO AVOID THE TEMPTATION OF SQUANDERING MONEY<br />4:56 A key point of my financial strategy is working at companies that offer equity to employees.<br />5:54 Make sure to check out my Patreon (see pinned comment)!<br />6:30 When I receive any kind of windfall, I try to deploy the money right away (or put it into a savings account). It needs to get out of my regular, day-to-day accounts (so I avoid the temptation to spend the money). Resist lifestyle inflation.<br />7:40 Earmark some of the windfall for taxes.<br />7:58 I'm building my Home Depot (HD) and Raytheon Technologies (RTX) positions by about 28% each. These are some big stock trades for me.<br />8:48 STRATEGY 3: DIVIDENDS AND TAXES - IT'S IMPORTANT TO UNDERSTAND THAT DIVIDENDS ARE TAXABLE (UNLESS THE INVESTOR FALLS BELOW CERTAIN THRESHOLDS)<br />10:13 Reminder: Reinvested dividends are still taxed!<br />10:33 I handle dividend taxes via extra withholdings from my paycheck.<br />11:00 HUGE: Some dividend investors will pay zero taxes (based on current tax code).<br />13:15 Tax strategy changes as one’s dividend snowball grows.<br />13:53 STRATEGY 4: A HUGE EMERGENCY FUND HELPS AVOID THE EMERGENCY OF HAVING TO SELL INCOME-PRODUCING DIVIDEND STOCKS<br />15:10 Emergency funds are even more important for dividend investors.<br />16:44 Politicians are going after investors. It's important to plan wisely.<br />17:12 I look at XYLD as an alternative to cash (intermediate-term savings).<br />18:09 STRATEGY 5: REMAIN INCREDIBLY FLEXIBLE AND HUMBLE WITH INVESTING (ESPECIALLY IN 2022)<br />19:14 I'm reconsidering accounts I had dismissed before!<br />20:56 Balance sheets and debt are very important to analyze in this rising interest rate environment.<br />21:40 DISCLOSURE AND DISCLAIMER<br /><br />DISCLOSURE: I am long The Home Depot (HD), Raytheon Technologies (RTX), and XYLD. I own these stocks in my personal stock portfolio.<br /><br />DISCLAIMER: All information and data on my YouTube Channel, blog, email newsletters, white papers, Excel files, and other materials is solely for informational purposes. I make no representations as to the accuracy, completeness, suitability or validity of any information. I will not be liable for any errors, omissions, losses, injuries or damages arising from its display or use. All information is provided AS IS with no warranties, and confers no rights. I will not be responsible for the accuracy of material that is linked on this site.<br /><br />Because the information herein is based on my personal opinion and experience, it should not be considered professional financial investment advice or tax advice. The ideas and strategies that I provide should never be used without first assessing your own personal/financial situation, or without consulting a financial and/or tax professional. My thoughts and opinions may also change from time to time as I acquire more knowledge. These are, as discussed above, solely my thoughts and opinions. I reserve the right to delete any comments for any reason (abusive in nature, contain profanity, etc.). Your continued reading/use of my YouTube Channel, blog, email newsletters, whitepapers, Excel files, and other materials constitutes your agreement with and acceptance of this disclaimer.<br /><br />COPYRIGHT: All PPC Ian videos, Excel files, guides, and other content are (c) Copyright IJL Productions LLC. PPC Ian is a registered trademark (tm) of IJL Productions LLC.{% endraw %}
