---
title: "Ukraine: military situation update with maps, May 12, 2022"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/17RV3HU0mzs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "17RV3HU0mzs"
categories: "News-Politics"
tags: ["ukraine war military update","russian invasion military maps","russian ukraine war maps"]
date: "2022-05-13T16:35:05+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-05-13T01:04:29Z"
duration: "PT19M20S"
viewcount: "20939"
likeCount: "915"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "War in Ukraine"
---
{% raw %}We have opened Patreon account to support our work:<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.patreon.com/warinUkrainePatreon">https://www.patreon.com/warinUkrainePatreon</a><br />Paypal account: war.in.ukrainefeb2022@gmail.com<br />We appreciate support from our subscribers and viewers!<br /><br />Summary:<br /><br />Key areas: <br />- Izyum bridgehead - no expansion today.<br />- Russian troops are slowly mopping up corner between Oskil and Siverskiy Donets rivers controlled by Ukrainian side before. No changes today or yesterday.<br />- Zaporizhya frontline - no changes today.<br />- Popasna area: Russia troops broke through Ukrainin defense line north of Popasna and advanced to village Komyshuvakha where they were finally stopped<br />- Russian troops are squeezing line around Severodonetsk and attempting to establish bridgeheads near Bilogorivka and Pryvillya. Russian bridgehead at Bilogorivka was finally destroyed by Ukrainian troops.<br /><br />1. Kharkiv: Ukrainian troops are slowly pushing Russian side out - they captured village of Ternova and Starytsya thereby reestablished Ukrainian state bounder there. Russian is withdrawing its battle-worn troops from here to Russian territory.<br />2. Izyum bridgehead: No major Russian progress today. It is extremely dangerous penetration by Russian troops that potentially could lead to large pocket for Ukrainian troops west of Donetsk. <br />3. Lyman bridgehead. No changes today.<br />4. Popasna, Rubizhne and Severodonetsk. Russian troops captured all of Rubizhne. Russian mercenaries - Wagner Group operates in Popasna, also Russian 57 brigade operates there as well. Confirmed capture of Popasna by Russian troops. Russian troops advanced north of Popasna to village Komyshevakha.<br />5. West of Donetsk: Avidyivka and Maryinka. Avdiyivaka - never ending attempts of the Russian side to break-through there. No frontline changes today.<br />6. Vugledar is in Ukrainian hands. <br />7. Velyka Novosilka - Gulyapole stretch of frontline. Ukrainian strongholds are towns of Gulyaypole and village of Velyka Novosilka. Russian 19D is operating there. Russian troops are consolidating their gains. Also, 42D has been spotted in the area. Russian troops caputred village Vremivka attached to Velyka Novosilka from west and separate by small river. The most northern group of Russian troops has been stopped before village of Vilne Pole. Ukranian side brought its 128 brigade and regiment Azov Kyiv to stop Russian advance there. No Russian progress here today.<br />8. Mariupol: opportunity to do a breakout attempt by the Ukrainian forces might have been lost as density of Russian troops increased due to smaller perimeter. Based on other sources, opportunity  to break out is still viable.<br />9. Kherson bridgehead: Ukrainian attack in the north from Mala Shestirnya to Novomykolayivka where Ukrainian troops were stopped by the Russian troops.{% endraw %}
