---
title: "Benefits Of Jogging 20 Minutes A Day | Benefits Of Jogging Daily"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/sKSzpr9Ajjs\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "sKSzpr9Ajjs"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["Benefits of jogging daily","jogging benefits","benefits of jogging"]
date: "2022-03-20T03:08:09+03:00"
vid_date: "2021-07-19T19:00:27Z"
duration: "PT8M1S"
viewcount: "8891"
likeCount: ""
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "KNOW HOW"
---
{% raw %}We know how jogging can be boring for some of you but after knowing that what benefit it would serve your body, you will be eager to spend 20 minutes jogging each day. The sincerest piece of advice that we have to offer you is that time will pass anyway. Why not spend time being a little productive, that would be a gift for our bodies in the long run? The people whose new year resolution was to stay healthy and shed those extra pounds, we have an eye on you. Do not skip this video if you want to accomplish the resolution.<br /><br />#jogging #joggers #knowhow<br /><br />🎥 OTHER VIDEOS SUGGESTED FOR YOU<br />8 Benefits Of Running Every Day For 30 Minutes<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/oSQrlzzuTa4">https://youtu.be/oSQrlzzuTa4</a><br />Benefits Of Walking Depending On How Much You Walk<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/qzUNkl0rySs">https://youtu.be/qzUNkl0rySs</a><br />10 Benefits Of Pushups Everyday<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://youtu.be/ACQrcOpQcZk">https://youtu.be/ACQrcOpQcZk</a><br /><br />⏰ TIMESTAMPS<br />Intro - 0:00<br />Weight loss - 0:49<br />Stress reduction - 1:56 <br />Excellent for heart health - 2:37 <br />Instant boost of energy - 3:29<br />Saves you time and money - 4:14<br />Good for developing muscles - 4:47<br />Help strengthen the bones - 5:36<br />Gives your immune system a boost - 6:24<br />Take Away - 7:13<br />SUBSCRIBE - 7:43<br /><br />📝SUMMARY<br />Weight loss<br /><br />In general, the average jogging speed is 4 to 6 mph. It's faster than walking and slower than running. Considering the average speed of jogging, if you do it for 20 minutes, you’ll cover more or less 2 miles. The average person burns between 80 to 140 calories per mile while jogging. This means that you’ll be burning almost 160- 280 calories just by jogging for 20 minutes. <br /><br />Stress reduction<br /><br />Jogging 20 minutes a day can get your body to release those endorphins and it will raise your oxytocin and serotonin levels. Both these hormones are referred to as happy hormones and they can instantly enlighten your mood and battle with the feeling of sadness. <br /><br />Excellent for heart health<br /><br />To maintain a healthy heart, we must make consistent efforts to jog for 20 minutes each day. Studies have proven this fact that people who actively were involved in jogging for 20 minutes a day had a lesser chance to be diagnosed with cardiovascular diseases, Diabetes, metabolic syndrome, and many other diseases. Jogging only for 20 minutes can help prevent blood clots in the arteries and blood vessels. It also supports healthy blood flow, blood pressure, and cholesterol. <br /> <br />Instant boost of energy<br /><br />We all have those lazy days when laying on the bed all day is the only thing we desire. This day the thought of missing your jogging habit will come automatically to you. Jogging for only 20 minutes will provide you that burst of energy that you have been looking for. You will be able to carry out the rest of your tasks more efficiently as well. <br /><br />Saves you time and money<br /><br />We know this one got you all ears and you are wondering how can jogging 20 minutes a day save you time and money? If you think practically, you do not have to break your pocket filling in the gym fee. Very conveniently you can just jog around in your street without paying heavy amounts in the gym. <br /><br />Good for developing muscles<br /><br />Looking for an easy way to build your leg muscles? Look no further because jogging is all you need. If you do it daily for 20 minutes, you can have firm and strong legs that allow you to jog and walk for longer distances and stand for long periods without feeling tired. <br /><br />Help strengthen the bones<br /><br />Bones increase in density only where the load is applied. Thus, jogging can increase bone mass density in the legs, and perhaps to a lesser extent, in the lower spine too. As women age, there are some hormonal changes that make them more prone to osteoarthritis and osteoporosis as they age. To avoid this, what you need to do is, yes, you guessed it right, you need to run daily. No matter what your age is, 20 minutes of jogging is only going to benefit you, and that too without any side effects.<br /> <br />Gives your immune system a boost<br /><br />Jogging, like any exercise, boosts white blood cells and antibodies, both of which are important for your immune health and fighting off diseases. When you jog, your body temperature rises, which helps your body fight off infection and prevents bacteria from multiplying, similar to how a fever works. <br /><br />So these were all the benefits of jogging daily for 20 minutes only.Make sure to subscribe to our channel for more of our videos.<br /><br />🌹 SUBSCRIBE TO KNOWHOW: <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://bit.ly/3djN5TF">https://bit.ly/3djN5TF</a>{% endraw %}
