---
title: "King coconuts were perfectly sweet & tender for juice, dessert as well for a curry! | Traditional Me"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/UJP5KWp3_68\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "UJP5KWp3_68"
categories: "Howto-Style"
tags: ["cooking","recipe","traditional"]
date: "2022-03-05T17:21:00+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-03-04T13:08:46Z"
duration: "PT26M8S"
viewcount: "190259"
likeCount: "9104"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "Traditional Me"
---
{% raw %}There are variety of coconuts with various names in our country. At the same time one &quot;coconut king&quot; rules the rest of the coconuts as well. I am sure, now you must be wondering who is this king that rules the other coconuts! Yes this bright orange colour and adorable coconut is been called King coconut!<br /><br />In the edge of the garden of our ancestral home,  a new king coconut tree has come of it's correct mature age. I found it is very easy and quick to get in to the land from the side of the field than walking through the land itself! brother is the only person who can carry the entire bunch of about 30 tenderly matured king coconuts. So early in the morning I called brother and took him with me to cut and bring the king coconut bunch to our home. It was not much of a difficult task for him as the tree is a very short one with easy access to the king coconuts where anyone could hand picked them!<br /><br />The perfect sweet taste develops inside the king coconuts only when they starts to get mature after finishing the tender stage! During this period, the king coconut shell starts to become hard, and the salty tasting water of the king coconut, gradually turns in to that unmistakable sweetness where the king coconut tender flesh starts to form inside its shell too. We also cut the bunch right on the correct time!<br /><br />King coconut is a heavenly natural drink these days because of the hot humid weather and yet if one drinks king coconut sweet water after 12mid afternoon, it will be a sure invitation for phlegm related allergies due it’s high cooling effect. Brother as usual cut two of them and drank the moment he came home as he was very tired after carrying the bunch. Since I was planning to make a delicious drink, I didn’t drink at all.<br /><br />Since they were tender king coconuts, their inner shells were very tender too. I made a dish out of the tender inner shell pieces (Kaha-kada) as it’s grandmother’s one of the favourite dishes. This “Kahakada“ dish is a very traditional, family recipe where grandmother used to make those days. I was taught how to cook this dish by my grandmother, in the same way that her grandmother had taught her. This dish is indeed a unique and a tasty dish where the pieces of the king coconut inner shells are boiled with salt, turmeric and garcinia which makes the pieces more tender and soft. This curry is very similar to traditional baby jack(Polos) curry.<br /><br />I made a delicious and refreshing drink by mixing juice of a half melon, sour orange juice, king coconut water and mint leaves! To that drink I mixed the pulp of the king coconut(Londa) as well. The sweetness of the tender king coconut water mixed with the sour orange juice truly tingled the taste buds. Oh! how I love that fresh sweetness of this drink.<br /><br />I couldn’t even believe when I saw the delicious dessert that our brother had made. His unique dessert was garnished with red pomelo segments that had given a beautiful look to it as well. When biting Into those sweet and sour segments with the pulpy custard, they enhanced the taste to a higher level. I truly loved his dessert as it was absolutely delicious. I even saw grandmother was enjoying it to her heart’s content too!<br /><br />Love you All!<br />Nadee<br /><br />© All rights reserved<br />Hand picked King coconuts from a short tree &amp; made into tasty treats in short time!<br /><br />*Turn CC on for subtitles<br /><br />乡村烹饪 cuisine de village गाँव का खाना बनाना cucina del villaggio طبخ القرية Dorfkochen 村の料理 dorp koken 마을 요리 pagluluto ng nayon деревенская кухня cozinha da vila ഗ്രാമീണ പാചകം cocina del pueblo গ্রাম রান্না vesnické vaření landsby madlavning ចម្អិនអាហារតាមភូមិ kylän ruoanlaitto गाउँ खाना पकाउने masakan desa கிராம சமையல் masakan kampung หมู่บ้านทำอาหาร gotowanie na wsi köy pişirme làng nấu ăn ရွာချက်ပြုတ် μαγειρική στο χωριό villa coctione<br /><br />Inspired by 李子柒 Liziqi and Dianxi Xiaoge<br /><br />Watch all my videos(playlist) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......">https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Gz7Dd......</a><br />Music - Traditional Me © <br />My life journey (web) - <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.traditionalme.life">https://www.traditionalme.life</a><br />FACEBOOK : <a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...">https://www.facebook.com/traditionalm...</a><br /><br />#villagecooking​​​​​ #srilankanfood​​​​​ #traditionalme​​​​​ #village​​​​​ #villagelife​​​​​ #villagefood​​​​​ #nadee​​​​​ #countryfood​​​​​ #dessert​​​ #srilankancooking{% endraw %}
