---
title: "Anantha lakshmi - Dharma Sandehalu || కాళ్ళు ఊపడం దరిద్రం అంటారు నిజమేనా || SumanTV Life"
image: "https:\/\/i.ytimg.com\/vi\/wMCGfr29xBM\/hqdefault.jpg"
vid_id: "wMCGfr29xBM"
categories: "Education"
tags: ["sumantv life","sumantv life ramaa raavi","ramaa raavi moral stories"]
date: "2022-02-03T12:46:02+03:00"
vid_date: "2022-02-02T10:26:37Z"
duration: "PT6M40S"
viewcount: "7341"
likeCount: "76"
dislikeCount: ""
channel: "SumanTV Life"
---
{% raw %}Suman TV Life :<br />How cash plays a vital role in our life?<br />Medical facilities: individuals get quality medical aid only they're ready to obtain the services in terms of Mastercard or money. If they are doing not have cash, they'll solely dream of about to the doctor and find medicative treatment. it's needed to fulfill the fees of the doctor and value of medicative producing.<br /><br />Money will undoubtedly obtain happiness: individuals with cash can purchase homes and vehicles of their selection. they'll rule the roost within the materialistic world. If they're ready to fulfill the needs, people wouldn't feel jealous of others. they're happy and contended as cash will fund their lavish variety of living.<br /><br />Symbol of authority: cash generates power and authority which each and every lady loves. It works like associate degree aphrodisiac that will cement the bond between the couples. Since cash is in abundance, spouses don't fight with one another and live an exquisite life. they'll afford to interact within the activity of their interest regardless of however expensive  it's.<br /><br />Barometer of success: regardless of what individuals say, cash continues to be the measuring system of success. people United Nations agency have gotten a large bank balance and live a flashy life style. talent bravery, appearance, temperament, power, and status ar the parameters to gauged someone and that they will solely be achieved with the assistance o9f cash in life.<br /><br />Fit life: A match and healthy life isn't attainable if you're a poor man. people that ought to often worry regarding daily bread and butter cannot consider developing a fitness regime for themselves. If you're flush with money, it's attainable to hitch the gymnasium of selection and endure coaching beneath the direction of practiced instructors.<br />People trying to develop their physique ought to have ample cash to shop for supplements as they're expensive . additionally, developing the temperament conjointly needs the magic greenbacks. garments that outline the looks of the person will solely be purchased with cash.<br /><br />Money defines relationships: it's unhappy however true incontrovertible fact that majority of relationships within the world is predicated on the flow of cash not solely in skilled however conjointly in personal house. As someone, you ought to keep away from the buddies United Nations agency are money parasites. they'll cause you to poor man by the time you notice what's happening. Avoid relationship with women United Nations agency are solely when your cash and treat you as their steady. a real friend can ne'er enable you to waste cash on excess expenditure particularly on his or her comfort. Learn to avoid wasting hard-earned wealth and invest showing intelligence in leading a cheerful and healthy life within the future.<br />#sumantvlife #AnanthaLakshmi #DharmaSandehalu <br />Follow us on :<br /><a rel="nofollow" target="blank" href="http://bit.ly/SumanTVLife">http://bit.ly/SumanTVLife</a>{% endraw %}
